recipeNumber	stepNumber	stepTitle	stepDescription
1	1	Step 1	Place mushrooms in a heatproof bowl. Cover with boiling water. Set aside for 1 hour to soak. Drain, reserving 250ml (1 cup) of liquid. Thinly slice.
1	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place noodles in a heatproof bowl. Cover with boiling water. Set aside for 10 minutes or until soft. Drain.
1	3	Step 3	Heat oil in a wok over high heat. Stir-fry the ginger, garlic, mushroom, half the chilli and three-quarters of the shallot for 2 minutes. Add the mince and stir-fry for 3 minutes.
1	4	Step 4	Add soy sauce, hoisin sauce and reserved liquid. Cook for 2 minutes. Combine water and cornflour in a bowl. Add to the sauce and stir until it thickens. Stir in noodles and tofu until heated through. Top with remaining chilli and shallot.
2	1	Step 1	Combine cornflour, half the soy sauce and 1 tablespoon sherry in a bowl. Add chicken and turn to coat. Heat half the peanut oil in a wok over high heat until just smoking. Cook half the chicken for 2 minutes or until golden. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel. Repeat with remaining peanut oil and chicken.
2	2	Step 2	Drain peanut oil from the wok, reserving 1 tablespoon. Heat reserved oil in the wok over high heat. Stir-fry garlic and ginger for 30 seconds or until aromatic. Add capsicum and stir-fry for 3 minutes or until tender. Add chicken, stock, cinnamon and remaining soy sauce and sherry. Reduce heat to medium. Simmer, stirring occasionally, for 12 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through and the sauce is reduced. Drizzle over the sesame oil. Top with chilli and serve with rice.
3	1	Step 1	Place chocolate in a small heatproof bowl over a saucepan half-filled with simmering water (make sure the bowl doesn't touch the water). Stir with a metal spoon until smooth. Set aside to cool slightly. Stir in the egg yolks.
3	2	Step 2	Use an electric beater to beat the cream in a bowl until firm peaks form. Use a metal spoon to fold half the cream into the chocolate mixture. Repeat with remaining cream.
3	3	Step 3	Use a clean electric beater to beat the egg whites in a clean, dry bowl until soft peaks form. Gradually add the sugar, beating until the mixture is thick and glossy.
3	4	Step 4	Fold the egg white mixture into the chocolate mixture. Spoon into four 250ml (1-cup) capacity serving cups. Cover and place in the fridge for 6 hours or until set.
3	5	Step 5	Dust with icing sugar and serve with candy canes.
4	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a deep saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion. Cook, stirring, for 3 to 4 minutes or until soft. Add sauce and stock. Bring to the boil.
4	2	Step 2	Pour pasta into soup. Stir until well combined. Return soup to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Cook, uncovered, for 3 minutes.
4	3	Step 3	Grate zucchini. Stir into soup. Cook for 2 minutes or until pasta is tender. Season with salt and pepper.
4	4	Step 4	Sprinkle cheese over toast. Place under hot grill for 1 to 2 minutes or until cheese melts. Ladle soup into bowls. Serve with cheese on toast.
5	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C.
5	2	Step 2	Place the eggs, sugar, butter, almonds, coconut, lemon and orange rind and juice, coconut milk and flour in a food processor and blend until well combined. Pour into a buttered 28cm pie plate. Bake for 1 hour until lightly browned. Set aside to cool, then refrigerate for 1 hour to chill.
5	3	Step 3	Slice and serve with a little whipped cream and passionfruit.
6	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Line 2 baking trays with baking paper.
6	2	Step 2	Pulse the nuts and chocolate in a food processor until finely chopped. (Be careful not to over-process the nuts.)
6	3	Step 3	In a clean bowl, beat eggwhites and a pinch of sugar with electric beaters until soft peaks form. Slowly add remaining sugar, continuing to beat until thick and glossy. Gently fold in nuts and chocolate.
6	4	Step 4	Dollop dessertspoonfuls of the mixture onto the trays, spaced well apart. Place in the oven and immediately turn it off. Leave biscuits undisturbed in the oven overnight; they'll be crisp and dry by morning. Store in an airtight container for 2-3 days.
7	1	Step 1	Melt chocolate in a heatproof bowl over a pan of simmering water (don't let the bowl touch the water). Remove from the heat, then stir until smooth. Set aside to cool.
7	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, separate 2 eggs and set the eggwhites aside. Place the 2 egg yolks, remaining whole egg, vanilla extract and 2 tablespoons sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer and beat until thick and pale.
7	3	Step 3	Lightly whip the thickened cream to soft peaks. Fold melted chocolate and cream into egg mixture until combined.
7	4	Step 4	In a separate bowl with clean beaters, beat eggwhites with remaining 1 tablespoon caster sugar until soft peaks form. Fold into egg mixture to just combine, keeping as much air in the mixture as possible. Place mousse in a glass serving dish and cover with a layer of Lindor balls. Chill for 4-6 hours until mousse is set, then serve.
8	1	Step 1	Fill a small pan with hot water and add eggs. Bring to the boil, then reduce heat to low and simmer for 3-4 minutes until soft-boiled. Remove eggs with a slotted spoon, cool, then peel and quarter. Season and sprinkle with cayenne.
8	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place yoghurt, curry powder and some salt and pepper in a small bowl. Stir well to combine. Stir in oil and set aside.
8	3	Step 3	Divide lettuce among plates. Arrange the cucumber and the eggs on top and dollop over yoghurt dressing. Scatter with cress and nigella seeds and serve.
9	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a 5cm-deep, 22cm round (base) non-stick, ovenproof frying pan  over medium heat. Add potato. Cook, stirring, for 10 minutes or until tender. Remove from heat. Drain on paper towel. Cool for 10 minutes. Reserve 1 tablespoon oil in pan (carefully discard remaining oil).
9	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan-forced. Whisk eggs, milk and chives in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper.
9	3	Step 3	Heat reserved oil in frying pan over medium-high heat. Add potato to egg mixture. Stir to combine. Add to pan. Gently shake pan to spread egg mixture evenly. Reduce heat to low. Cook,  without stirring, for 5 to 8 minutes  or until edges are firm.
9	4	Step 4	Transfer pan to oven. Bake for 15 to  20 minutes or until top is light golden and omelette is just set. Stand for 5 minutes. 5 Using a spatula, loosen omelette around edge of pan. Turn out onto a serving plate. Working quickly, spread with sour cream. Top with ham, olive and tomato. Sprinkle with parsley. Serve immediately.
10	1	Step 1	Place split peas, onion, carrot, celery, bay leaf and ham hock in a pan. Add enough water to cover, bring to the boil, then simmer over low heat for 1 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally, until peas start to break down and hock is tender. Discard bay leaf. Remove hock and set aside. Allow soup and hock to cool slightly.
10	2	Step 2	Remove ham from hock and chop, discarding skin and bone. Blend soup, in batches, then add ham and warm over low heat. Season. Ladle soup into bowls, garnish with peas and a drizzle of cream, then serve with bread.
11	1	Step 1	Line the base of a 22cm springform cake pan with plastic wrap or baking paper. Place the mascarpone, thickened cream, icing sugar, egg yolks and vanilla seeds in the bowl of an electric mixer and beat on high speed until thick and well combined.
11	2	Step 2	Combine the Grand Marnier and orange juice in a separate bowl. Dip half the sponge fingers into the juice mixture and layer in the base of the cake pan. Spread with one-third of the mascarpone mixture, and top with one-third of the mango slices. Repeat the process, then top with the remaining mascarpone mixture, reserving the remaining mango slices to serve. Cover the cake and chill for 2 hours or until firm.
11	3	Step 3	Meanwhile for the raspberry sauce, place the sugar and 2 tablespoons water in a small pan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Cool slightly, then add the berries and lemon juice. Whiz in a food processor until smooth, then pass through a sieve. Chill until ready to serve. (You can store the sauce, covered, in the fridge for 3-4 days).
11	4	Step 4	To serve, carefully remove the sides and base of the cake pan and transfer the mangomisu to a platter. Decorate with curls of the reserved mango, then slice and serve with berry sauce.
12	1	Step 1	Place the sugar and cream in a saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until the sugar dissolves and the sauce thickens slightly. Keep warm.
12	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, line a tray with baking paper. Process the biscuits in a food processor until coarsely crushed. Transfer to a shallow bowl. Add the coconut and stir to combine.
12	3	Step 3	Place 1 scoop of ice-cream in the biscuit mixture and roll to coat. Place on lined tray and freeze while coating remaining balls. Repeat with the remaining ice-cream and biscuit mixture.
12	4	Step 4	Divide the ice-cream balls among serving bowls and pour over the hot caramel sauce.
13	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200C/180C fan-forced. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Pat potatoes dry with paper towel. Pierce all over with a fork. Place on prepared tray. Drizzle with 1/2 the oil. Season with salt and pepper.
13	2	Step 2	Roast for 1 hour 15 minutes or until golden and tender. Stand potatoes for 5 to 10 minutes or until cool enough to handle.
13	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, heat remaining oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Add onion, carrot and celery. Cook, stirring, for 5 to 6 minutes or until just starting to soften. Add mince. Cook, breaking up mince with a wooden spoon, for 6 to 8 minutes or until browned. Add gravy powder. Stir to combine. Reduce heat to medium-low. Add stock and mint sauce. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until sauce thickens. Cover to keep warm.
13	4	Step 4	Cook peas following packet directions. Drain. Using a potato masher, mash peas and cream together until roughly crushed. Season with salt and pepper.
13	5	Step 5	Using a small knife, cut a cross in the top of each potato. Gently squeeze the base of each potato to open top. Place on plates. Divide mince mixture among potatoes. Dollop with pea mash. Serve drizzled with gravy.
14	1	Step 1	Combine cabbage, lettuce, onion and sesame seeds in a large bowl.
14	2	Step 2	Add noodles and dressing. Toss to combine. Serve immediately.
15	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan-forced. Grease a 4cm-deep, 8cm x 25cm bar cake pan. Line base and sides with baking paper, extending paper 5cm above edges of pan on 2 long sides.
15	2	Step 2	Reserve icing sachet from cake mix. Prepare cake following packet directions. Pour enough batter into prepared pan to come 3/4 of the way up side of pan (discard remaining batter). Bake for 25 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre of cake comes out clean. Stand in pan for 5 minutes. Turn, top-side up, onto a baking paper-lined wire rack to cool completely.
15	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, make Chocolate Bowl: Grease a 2-litre (8-cup-capacity) heatproof glass bowl or pudding basin with oil. Freeze bowl for 10 minutes or until cold. Place melts in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on HIGH (100%), stirring with a metal spoon every 30 seconds, for 2 to 3 minutes or until melted. Pour chocolate into cold bowl, swirling to completely coat, until bowl is evenly coated and chocolate stops moving. Freeze for 10 minutes or until chocolate is completely set.
15	4	Step 4	Carefully remove chocolate bowl in 1 piece (see Notes). Line the heatproof bowl or basin with plastic wrap, extending plastic 5cm above bowl. Return chocolate bowl to the lined bowl.
15	5	Step 5	Place vanilla ice-cream in a bowl. Set aside for 10 minutes or until softened (ice-cream should not be melted).
15	6	Step 6	Meanwhile, process 1/2 the strawberries until smooth. Strain puree over a bowl. Coarsely chop remaining strawberries. Add strawberry puree and chopped strawberries to ice-cream. Fold until just combined. Spoon half the ice-cream mixture over the base of chocolate bowl, spreading to level. Return chocolate bowl and remaining strawberry ice-cream mixture to freezer. Freeze for 1 hour or until firm.
15	7	Step 7	Place chocolate chip ice-cream in a bowl. Set aside for 10 minutes or until softened (ice-cream should not be melted). Spoon on top of strawberry ice-cream layer in chocolate bowl, spreading to level. Freeze for 1 hour or until firm.
15	8	Step 8	Remove remaining strawberry ice-cream mixture from freezer. Set aside for 10 minutes or until softened. Spoon on top of chocolate ice-cream layer, spreading to level. Cover surface with plastic wrap. Freeze overnight or until firm.
15	9	Step 9	Place 2 LCMs bars on a microwave-safe plate. Microwave on HIGH (100%) for 10 seconds or until just softened. Shape into balls to resemble meatballs. Repeat with remaining LCMs bars.
15	10	Step 10	Make Cream Cheese Icing: Using an electric mixer, beat cream cheese and butter until smooth. Gradually add reserved icing sachet and icing sugar, beating until well combined. Add milk. Beat until smooth. Transfer 3/4 cup icing to a small bowl. Using food colouring, tint icing pale yellow.
15	11	Step 11	Cut slices, at 2cm intervals, into the top of the bar cake being careful not to cut the whole way through. Spoon yellow icing into each cut, spreading gently, to resemble butter. Top with sprinkles.
15	12	Step 12	Remove plastic wrap from top of ice-cream cake. Place a plate over the top of cake. Invert cake onto plate and carefully remove glass bowl. Discard plastic wrap. Place a little remaining icing onto the centre of cake board or plate. Carefully turn cake, top-side up, onto centre of board.
15	13	Step 13	Place remaining icing into a large piping bag fitted with a 7mm round nozzle. Working quickly, pipe icing over top of cake to resemble spaghetti. Arrange meatballs on spaghetti. Pipe extra strands of spaghetti over some of the meatballs. Drizzle with strawberry topping to resemble pasta sauce. Sprinkle a little grated chocolate for parmesan. Return to freezer until ready to serve.
15	14	Step 14	Serve with 'garlic bread' and remaining grated chocolate (see Notes).
16	1	Step 1	Cook risoni following packet directions until tender. Drain well.
16	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, remove and discard stems from silverbeet. Roughly shred leaves.
16	3	Step 3	Heat oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add garlic and green onion. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until garlic just starts to turn golden. Add silverbeet leaves. Toss for 4 to 5 minutes or until just starting to wilt.
16	4	Step 4	Add risoni, olives, zest, juice, dill, parsley and fetta to pan. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Serve.
17	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Grease and line 2 large baking trays with baking paper.
17	2	Step 2	Sprinkle sugar onto 1 prepared tray. Bake for 4 to 5 minutes or until the edge of the sugar just starts to melt. Remove from oven. Reduce oven temperature to 100°C/80°C fan-forced.
17	3	Step 3	Using an electric mixer, beat egg whites until soft peaks form. With motor running, gradually pour sugar into egg white in a slow, steady stream. Continue beating for 5 to 6 minutes or until sugar is dissolved. Add orange rind. Beat to combine.
17	4	Step 4	Run a skewer dipped into orange food colouring down the sides of a piping bag fitted with a 1cm fluted nozzle to form 4 stripes. Spoon half the meringue mixture into piping bag. Pipe 8 meringues (about 5cm in diameter), 2cm apart, onto 1 prepared tray. Repeat with more food colouring, reapplying stripes in piping bag, and remaining mixture, to make 16 meringues in total. Bake for 45 minutes or until just firm to touch. Turn off oven. Cool completely in oven with door closed.
17	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, make Jaffa Ganache; Place chocolate and cream in a small microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on HIGH (100%), stirring with a metal spoon every 30 seconds, for 1 to 1 1/2 minutes or until melted and combined. Stir in orange juice. Set aside for 30 minutes to thicken.
17	6	Step 6	Meanwhile, place chocolate in a small microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on HIGH (100%), stirring every 30 seconds with a metal spoon, for 1 to 1 1/2 minutes or until melted. Stand for 10 minutes to cool. Dip the top of each waffle cone into chocolate. Using the back of a spoon, spread chocolate about 1cm down the inside and outside edge of each cone. Decorate chocolate with orange sprinkles. Stand cones upright in glasses. Set aside for 20 minutes or until chocolate is set.
17	7	Step 7	Sandwich meringues together with 2 teaspoons of ganache. Stand for 10 minutes to set. Fill ice-cream cones with love notes candy, mini fruit candy and Jaffas. Using a little melted chocolate, secure meringues to cones to form 'ice-cream'. Stand for 20 minutes or until set. Serve.
18	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Lightly grease a 5cm-deep, 25cm x 35cm (base) baking dish. Break vegie mince into a bowl. Add beans. Reserve 1/2 cup enchilada sauce. Add remaining sauce to mince mixture. Stir to combine.
18	2	Step 2	Heat a frying pan over medium heat. Add 1 tortilla. Cook for 10 seconds each side or until softened. Transfer to a flat surface. Top with ¼ cup mince mixture. Roll up to enclose filling. Place, seam side down, in prepared dish. Repeat with remaining tortillas and mince mixture.
18	3	Step 3	Spread reserved sauce over centre of tortillas. Sprinkle with cheese. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until cheese has melted.
18	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, make salad Cook rice in a saucepan of boiling water for 10 minutes or until tender. Drain. Place rice, corn, onion, coriander and lime juice in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Serve enchiladas with rice salad.
19	1	Step 1	Cook rice following packet directions. Drain. Rinse under cold water. Drain well. Spread rice onto a tray. Refrigerate until cold, if time permits.
19	2	Step 2	Heat a wok over medium-high heat. Add oil. Swirl to coat. Add onion. Stir-fry for 3 to 4 minutes or until starting to brown. Add garlic and ginger. Stir-fry for 1 minute. Add vegetables. Stir-fry for 4 minutes or until tender. Add chicken and rice. Stir-fry for 3 to 4 minutes or until heated through. Add combined soy and sugar. Stir-fry for 1 minute. Serve sprinkled with coriander.
20	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 180°C. Line 2 baking trays with baking paper.
20	2	Step 2	Combine parmesan and flour in a bowl. Spread six 6cm circles of the parmesan mixture onto the trays, leaving room to spread. Bake for 3-5 minutes until golden, then cool slightly and break into shards.
20	3	Step 3	Whisk olive oil and balsamic vinegar together, season, then toss with salad leaves and parmesan crisps in a bowl.
21	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Add onion. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until softened. Add mince. Cook, breaking up mince with a wooden spoon, for 5 to 6 minutes or until browned and cooked through.
21	2	Step 2	Add garlic, zucchini and carrot. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until zucchini is tender. Stir in gravy powder, tomato paste and 1/4 cup cold water. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until mixture thickens. Cool.
21	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Grease three 12-hole round patty pans. Using a 6.5cm cutter, cut 36 rounds from 2 pastry sheets. Cut seventy-two 1cm x 6cm strips from remaining pastry. Line holes of prepared pans with pastry rounds.
21	4	Step 4	Spoon level tablespoons of mince mixture into pastry rounds. Top each with 2 strips of pastry to form a cross. Brush with milk. Bake for 15 to 18 minutes, swapping trays during cooking, or until pastry is golden brown and pies heated through. Stand for 1 minute. Transfer to a dish. Serve with tomato sauce.
22	1	Step 1	Cut the zucchini into long thin ribbons (a mandoline is ideal), then use a sharp knife to cut each ribbon into thin strips. Place zucchini in a colander set in the sink and toss with 1 tablespoon sea salt. Allow to drain for 30 minutes, then rinse well and pat dry with paper towel.
22	2	Step 2	Toss zucchini with pesto, lemon zest, oil and pine nuts, then season. Pile onto plates and sprinkle with the parmesan and drizzle with a little extra oil. Garnish with a few basil leaves and serve.
23	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Place jam, syrup, sugar, ⅓ cup water, allspice, cinnamon and ground cloves in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Simmer for 10 mins or until the glaze thickens. Strain the mixture, discarding solids. Meanwhile, cut through the rind 8cm from the shank. Run thumb under rind to separate from fat. Peel back, sliding fingers under rind to remove.
23	2	Step 2	Using a small sharp knife, score the fat, diagonally, at 3cm intervals to form a diamond pattern. Be careful not to score the fat too deeply or it may slide off during cooking and give an uneven finish. Push one whole clove into the centre of each diamond. The cloves help hold the fat layer in place and give the ham a subtle flavour.
23	3	Step 3	Place the ham on a wire rack in a roasting pan. Add boiling water to the pan until it reaches 2cm up the sides of the pan. Brush the ham with a quarter of the cherry mixture. Wrap shank in foil to stop it over-browning. Bake, basting with the cherry mixture every 20 mins, for 1 hour 20 mins or until the ham is golden. Remove the foil from the shank and serve.
24	1	Step 1	Place rind in a saucepan, cover with water and bring to the boil. Drain, then repeat process twice. Return rind to pan, add 110g (1/2 cup) sugar and 125ml (1/2 cup) water. Bring to the boil over medium heat, then simmer for 15 minutes or until syrup is thick and rind translucent. Drain and reserve syrup. Cool rind, then toss in extra sugar and chop coarsely.
24	2	Step 2	Place dark chocolate in a heatproof bowl. Pour 150ml boiling water over and whisk until well combined.
24	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 180°C. Crush flaked almonds. Using an electric mixer, beat 150g butter, remaining 150g sugar and 1/2 teaspoon salt until pale and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, beating after each, then beat in chocolate mixture. Sift over ground almonds and baking powder, add flaked almonds and orange rind, and stir to combine. Spoon into a 20cm greased and baking paper-baselined cake tin. Bake on bottom shelf of oven for 50-55 minutes or until a cake tester comes out clean. Stand cake in tin for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack to cool completely.
24	4	Step 4	Stir orange chocolate, remaining butter and cream over a pan of simmering water until melted. Cool to the consistency of thick cream, then spread over cake. Leave to set.
25	1	Step 1	Place potatoes in a saucepan of cold water, bring to a boil and cook for 20 minutes or until tender. Drain. Cool.
25	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cut fish widthwise into 2mm-thick slices. Toss fish with half the lime juice in a glass or ceramic bowl, then refrigerate for 20 minutes for lime to ‘cook’ the fish or until fish is opaque.
25	3	Step 3	Drain marinade and discard. Place fish in a large bowl. Thinly slice potatoes. Add to fish with radicchio, cucumbers, radishes and herbs, and toss to combine.
25	4	Step 4	To make dressing, whisk remaining lime juice with chilli, eschalot and oil in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper.
25	5	Step 5	Drizzle dressing over salad and toss gently to combine.
26	1	Step 1	Place potatoes in a large saucepan. Cover with cold water and place over high heat. Bring to the boil. Cook for 15 minutes or until tender. Drain well.
26	2	Step 2	Heat butter and cream in a medium saucepan over low heat. Place potatoes in a potato ricer and press into the cream mixture (alternatively, use a potato masher to mash until smooth). Season with salt and ground white pepper. Use a wooden spoon to stir to combine. Serve immediately with salad greens and barramundi parcels.
27	1	Step 1	Sift flour, baking powder, bicarbonate of soda and salt into a bowl. Spoon the flour mixture into a 1L (4-cup) capacity glass jar. Top with brown sugar, then caster sugar. Top with oats, then craisins, then chocolate chips. Seal jar. Give as gift.
27	2	Step 2	To make cookies, preheat oven to 190C. Line 2 baking trays with baking paper. Empty jar into a large bowl. Add butter, egg and vanilla. Stir until well combined. Shape tablespoons of mixture into balls and place on baking trays approximately 5cm apart. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes, swapping trays halfway during cooking, or until edges are lightly browned. Turn biscuits onto a wire rack to cool. Serve.
28	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the ginger and lemon grass, and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add water, vinegar and sugar. Bring to the boil and stir until the sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 5 minutes or until slightly reduced.
28	2	Step 2	Stir in the cucumber and carrot. Set aside to cool.
29	1	Step 1	Using a sharp knife, score top of lamb at 1cm intervals. Place lamb in large glass or ceramic dish. Place beef and chicken in separate glass or ceramic dishes. Combine cumin, coriander, chilli powder, salt, pepper, sugar, garlic, thyme, oregano and orange juice in bowl.
29	2	Step 2	Divide spice mixture between lamb, beef and chicken. Rub to coat. Cover. Refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight, if time permits.
29	3	Step 3	Preheat barbecue on high with hood closed. Place lamb in a disposable foil baking tray. Stand at room temperature for 15 minutes. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon oil. Reduce temperature to medium-low. Cook lamb, using indirect heat, for 3 hours or until tender and starting to come away from the bone. Cover with foil. Set aside for 15 minutes to rest.
29	4	Step 4	Heat barbecue chargrill on medium-high heat. Drizzle beef with 1 tablespoon oil. Cook beef for 4 to 5 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to plate. Cover loosely with foil. Set aside for 5 minutes. Drizzle chicken with remaining oil. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes each side or until cooked through. Transfer to a plate. Cover loosely with foil. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest. Slice lamb and beef. Serve lamb, beef and chicken with Chimichurri and Salsa criolla. (see related recipes)
30	1	Step 1	Making the passion fruit curd: Cut each passion fruit in half and spoon the pulp into a sieve over a jug. Strain the pulp and use the back of a spoon to press as much juice out of the passionfruit as possible (you need about 160ml juice). Discard the seeds. Combine the passionfruit juice, eggs, lemon juice and cornflour in a saucepan. Carefully warm through over medium heat. Stir in the sugar. Stir continuously until the mixture comes to the boil and thickens. Transfer to a bowl. Cover and cool to 50°C. Add the butter. Use a stick blender to blend until the mixture is smooth and shiny. Cover the surface with plastic wrap and set aside to set.
30	2	Step 2	Making the raspberry gel: Puree the raspberries in a blender until smooth. Place the raspberry puree in a sieve over a bowl. Use the back of a spoon to press as much juice as possible (you need 375g juice). Discard the seeds. Place the puree in a saucepan and heat over medium heat to 60°C. Stir in the combined sugar and pectin. Bring to the boil. Add the lemon juice and mix well. Remove from the heat. Pour into a heatproof bowl. Cover and place in the fridge until firm.
30	3	Step 3	Making the meringue: Preheat the oven to 140°C/120°C fan forced. Draw eight 10cm squares among 3 sheets of baking paper. Place the baking paper, pencil side down, on 3 baking trays. Use electric beaters to whisk the egg whites and caster sugar in a clean dry bowl. for 5 minutes or until firm peaks form. Fold in the icing sugar, cornflour and vinegar. Spoon mixture among the squares. Use a flat-bladed knife to spread evenly until about 1.5cm thick. Bake for 15 minutes or until the meringues form a crust but the centre is still soft.
30	4	Step 4	Making the sponge: Preheat the oven to 200°C/180°C fan forced. Line the base and sides of three 27 x 42cm shallow baking trays with baking paper. Use electric beaters to whisk the egg whites and caster sugar in a bowl for 3 minutes or until firm peaks form. Quickly whisk in the egg yolks, vanilla and glucose. Use a spatula to fold in the combined flours. Spread the sponge mixture evenly among the lined trays. Bake for 8-10 minutes or until light golden and cooked through. Set aside to cool completely on the trays.
30	5	Step 5	Making the chantilly: Use electric beaters to beat the crème fraîche, lemon zest and lemon juice in a bowl until combined. Gradually beat in the cream until firm peaks form.
30	6	Step 6	To assemble: Line four 12cm (base measurement) lightly greased square cake pans with 2 strips of baking paper, overlapping on the base and up both sides.
30	7	Step 7	Cut eight 12cm squares from the sponge. Place 1 sponge square in the base of each pan. Cut remaining sponge into rectangles and use to line the sides of the pans without any gaps. Mix the raspberry gel to loosen. Spread half the raspberry gel thinly over the sponge bases.
30	8	Step 8	Place half the chantilly cream in a piping bag fitted with a plain nozzle. Thinly pipe chantilly cream over the raspberry gel layer (this makes it easier to cover the gel without messing up the layers). Use a palette knife to smooth gently.
30	9	Step 9	Top with a square of meringue, trimming to fit, if necessary. Spread half of the curd over the meringue. Sprinkle with a layer of strawberries and blueberries. Top with the remaining curd. Top with the remaining meringue layer. Top with the remaining raspberry gel. Pipe over the remaining chantilly cream. Spread smoothly. Seal top with remaining squares of sponge. Place in the fridge for 2 hours. Place in the freezer for 1 hour to harden before coating.
30	10	Step 10	Making the coating: Place the water, sugar, glucose, cream and cocoa in a saucepan over medium heat. Stir continuously, for 5-8 minutes so the mixture doesn’t catch on the base or side of pan. Heat to 103°C. Remove from the heat and cool to 50°C.
30	11	Step 11	Meanwhile, cut the gelatine leaves into small squares. Place gelatine in a bowl with the cold water and set aside to soak.
30	12	Step 12	When the chocolate mixture reaches 50°C, stir in the gelatine and any soaking liquid, stirring until dissolved. Transfer to a heatproof bowl.
30	13	Step 13	Place bowl of chocolate mixture over a saucepan of simmering water and heat to 35°C. Place coconut in shallow dish.
30	14	Step 14	Carefully remove 1 pavlington out of the pan. Remove paper. Place pavlington on a wire rack over a baking tray. Pour chocolate over top and sides and use a spatula to spread chocolate to cover. Sprinkle with coconut to cover. Place in the fridge for 15 minutes to set. Repeat to coat remaining pavlingtons with remaining chocolate mixture (re-using any chocolate sauce that has dripped into the tray) and coat in coconut.
31	1	Step 1	To make filling, place gelatine in a bowl and cover with cold water. Set aside for 5 minutes to soften. Squeeze excess liquid from gelatine. Bring the cream and vanilla bean and seeds to boil in a saucepan over medium heat. Remove from heat. Stir in the gelatine until dissolved. Transfer to a bowl. Cover and chill overnight or until set.
31	2	Step 2	To make the dough, place 250g of butter between plastic wrap. Tap with a rolling pin to form a 1cm-thick, 16 x 20cm sheet. Place in the fridge to chill. Chop remaining butter.
31	3	Step 3	Combine the water and yeast in a bowl. Stir in plain flour until a dough forms. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place to prove until dough doubles in size.
31	4	Step 4	Place the chopped butter, bread flour, sugar and salt in an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook. Mix on low speed until just combined. Add egg and milk. Mix until a dough forms. Add yeast dough and mix on medium-low speed for 3-4 minutes. Cover and rest for 30 minutes. Chill for 1-2 hours.
31	5	Step 5	Stand butter sheet at room temperature for 30 minutes to soften slightly. Roll out dough on a floured surface to a 20 x 40cm rectangle. Place butter sheet in centre of dough and fold one short end over the butter. Fold opposite end over the top to enclose. Tap with rolling pin to flatten slightly. Turn the dough 90°. Roll out the dough to a 1cm-thick rectangle, rolling in the same direction as open ends. Fold into thirds by folding the short end closest to you over the centre and folding the opposite end over the top. Cover with plastic wrap and chill in the fridge for 1 hour. Repeat the rolling, folding and chilling process 2 more times.
31	6	Step 6	Roll the dough on a floured surface until 1cm thick. Rest for 2 minutes. Lift dough off the bench and place back down to relax. Use a 6cm-round cutter to cut 18 discs. Using a 2.5cm-round cutter, cut a small hole in the centre of each disc. Transfer to a lined tray.
31	7	Step 7	Fill the sink with hot water until 2cm deep. Place a wire rack just above the water. Place the prepared tray on top of the rack. Cover with a tea towel. Stand until dough doubles.
31	8	Step 8	Heat oil in a deep fryer or saucepan until 180°C-190°C. Deep fry the Zonuts, in batches, for 30 seconds each side or until golden and cooked through. Transfer to a tray lined with paper towel to drain.
31	9	Step 9	Transfer the creme chantilly filling to a bowl. Use electric beaters to whip until smooth and soft peaks form.
31	10	Step 10	To make icing, place condensed milk in a bowl. Stir in the icing sugar until smooth and thick. Tint with pink food colouring.
31	11	Step 11	Make 3 small cuts in the base of each Zonut. Place the crème chantilly filling in a piping bag fitted with a small nozzle. Insert the nozzle into the cuts and pipe in the filling. Toss Zonuts in caster sugar to coat. Spoon the icing over Zonuts. Set aside until set.
32	1	Step 1	Make the gingerbread dough: Stir the butter, sugar and glucose in a large saucepan over medium-low heat for 10 minutes or until sugar dissolves (don't allow mixture to get too hot). Stir in milk until just combined. Remove from heat. Sift the flour, bicarbonate of soda, cinnamon, cloves and ginger into a large bowl. Add to the milk mixture. Return the saucepan to a low heat and stir to a stiff, paste-like consistency (see below). Divide the mixture into four 450g portions and two 375g portions. Flatten each portion into a square. Wrap in plastic wrap. Place in the fridge for 1 hour or until just firm.
32	2	Step 2	'Glass' for the windows: Unwrap boiled lollies. Process in a food processor to a fine powder. Store in an airtight container until needed.
32	3	Step 3	Walls and roof: Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan forced.
32	4	Step 4	To make back wall, roll out a 450g dough portion on a sheet of floured baking paper to 3mm thick. Use the front/back stencil to cut out back wall. Reserve trimmings. Transfer with paper to a large baking tray. Cut out a 6cm square window two-thirds up the wall from the base. Add to reserved trimmings. Fill window hole with powdered lollies in a layer the same thickness as the dough. Bake for 20 minutes or until golden. Working quickly, lightly scatter window with caster sugar to create a frosted effect. Cool for 10 minutes on tray. Slide off the tray using the paper. Cool completely. Cool tray slightly.
32	5	Step 5	To make front wall, repeat rolling and cutting with another 450g dough portion and front/back stencil. Transfer with paper to cooled tray. Cut out a door 10cm high x 5cm wide at base of wall, creating an arch at the top. Reserve door. Cut out 4 small windows on the door piece. Use a small piece of reserved trimmings to make a door knob and attach to door. Transfer door to tray. Above door, cut out a 6cm square window, then above that, a 3cm round. On both sides of door, cut out 1 window, 7cm high with a top width of 5cm and bottom of 2cm. Add to reserved trimmings. Fill the windows with powdered lollies. Bake, then frost the glass with caster sugar, as before.
32	6	Step 6	To make roof pieces, roll out remaining two 450g dough portions as before. Use the roof stencil to cut out 2 roof pieces, then bake as before. To make side walls, roll out a 375g dough portion as before. Use sides stencil to cut out 1 side wall, reserving trimmings. Transfer to tray with paper, then cut out a window 10cm wide x 4cm tall (it will become 2 windows once shutters are added). Add to reserved trimmings. Fill window with powdered lollies. Bake, then frost glass, as before. Repeat with remaining 375g dough portion.
32	7	Step 7	Chimney, shutters and eaves: Roll out half the reserved trimmings as before. Use chimney stencil to cut out chimney pieces. Cut out a 5cm square for the door eave and 2 small right-angled triangles for eave supports. Roll out the remaining trimmings, dust with cocoa, then roll the cocoa into the dough to colour. Cut out 12 shutter pieces, 2cm wide x 7cm high, and 4 shutter pieces, 2cm wide x 9cm high. Transfer to oven tray. Using a knife, mark shutters to create slats. Bake for 15 minutes or until golden.
32	8	Step 8	Caramel crunch brickwork: Process almonds and corn flakes in a food processor to fine crumbs. Place chocolate, butter and 1 tsp sea salt flakes in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan of simmering water (make sure bowl doesn’t touch the water) until the chocolate melts (don’t let it get too hot). Remove the bowl from the pan. Stir in the almond mixture. Use a spatula or knife to spread the mixture thinly over the front, back and side walls, avoiding windows. Use a knife to lightly score a brick pattern into the mixture. Cool until set.
32	9	Step 9	Chocolate roof tiles: Use a black marker to mark 3cm squares on a sheet of A4 paper to cover. Cover marked paper with a sheet of baking paper. Melt 1 packet of chocolate melts in a large heatproof bowl as before. Thinly spread chocolate over paper, leaving a 3cm border so you can see ends of marked lines. Shake paper gently to level, then generously scatter with 100s & 1000s. Cool until almost set. Following the marked lines, cut the chocolate into tiles. Repeat with remaining melted chocolate and 100s & 1000s. You will need about 80 tiles.
32	10	Step 10	Tiling the roof: Melt 1/2 packet of chocolate melts as before. Spread over 1 roof piece to cover. Working quickly, stick on tiles. Use more melted chocolate as glue. Assemble the chimney pieces. Attach the chimney to the second roof piece. Spread remaining melted chocolate over the second roof piece, avoiding the chimney, then stick on the remaining tiles.
32	11	Step 11	Assembling the house: Melt remaining 1 1/2 packets of chocolate melts as before. Spoon into a piping bag. Cool slightly.
32	12	Step 12	Use melted chocolate as glue to attach the long shutters to the front downstairs windows, then attach shorter shutters to all the other windows. Attach a second set of shutters to the centre of each window. Attach eave, side supports and door to the front of the house (use small objects, such as bottle lids, to support the pieces while the chocolate sets)
32	13	Step 13	Using melted chocolate as glue, decorate the chimney and front, back and sides of house with assorted lollies.
32	14	Step 14	On a platter, prop up the walls so they are close to their final position (ask someone to hold them in position or use weighted boxes or bottles as props). Pipe a generous amount of chocolate along the edges of the walls where they will meet. Gently press the walls together to seal, then firmly prop between boxes to hold the structure in place while it sets. Run your finger over the chocolate seams to spread them evenly and to seal any gaps. Pipe chocolate over the top edges of the walls, then attach the roof pieces, sealing with plenty of chocolate. Use more melted chocolate to attach licorice ropes along the eaves. The gingerbread house will keep for up to 2 weeks.
33	1	Step 1	Place chocolate and cream in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on high for 1 minute. Stir until smooth.
33	2	Step 2	Stir in liqueur. Refrigerate for 2 hours or until almost firm.
33	3	Step 3	Roll 1 teaspoon of chocolate mixture into a ball. Place on a tray lined with baking paper. Repeat with remaining chocolate mixture. Roll half the balls in hazelnut and half in cocoa powder. Refrigerate until just before serving.
34	1	Step 1	To make the lemon sour cream cake, preheat oven to 160C. Grease and line the base and two long sides of a 10 x 20cm (base measurement) loaf pan.
34	2	Step 2	Use an electric mixer to beat the butter, sugar and lemon rind in a medium bowl until pale and creamy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the combined flours and sour cream and stir until just combined.
34	3	Step 3	Spoon into the prepared pan and use a palet knife or the back of a spoon to smooth the surface. Bake in preheated oven for 1 hour or until a skewer inserted in the centre comes out clean. Remove from oven and set aside for 5 minutes before turning on a wire rack to cool completely.
34	4	Step 4	Use a serrated knife to trim the crusts of the cake. Break the cake into small pieces and transfer to the bowl of a food processor. Process until fine crumbs form. Transfer to a bowl.
34	5	Step 5	Place the cream cheese and icing sugar in a food processor and process until smooth and well combined. Add to the cake crumbs and stir until well combined.
34	6	Step 6	Line an oven tray with baking paper. Dust a clean work surface with icing sugar mixture. Shape cake mixture into a 1.5cm-thick disc. Use a 4.5cm star shaped pastry cutter to cut stars from the cake mixture and place on the lined tray, rerolling any excess cake mixture. Loosely cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 1 hour or until firm.
34	7	Step 7	Place the white chocolate melts in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan half-filled with simmering water. Stir with a metal spoon until chocolate melts.
34	8	Step 8	Dip the end of 1 lollypop stick in chocolate then insert into the bottom of a star. Return to the tray. Repeat with remaining cake stars.
34	9	Step 9	Dip 1 cake star into the melted chocolate, turning to coat. Gently tap on the side of the bowl to remove excess chocolate. Return to the lined tray and sprinkle with star sprinkles while the chocolate is melted. Repeat with remaining stars, chocolate and sprinkles. Set aside for 30 minutes to set completely.
35	1	Step 1	Scoop ice-cream into 4 chilled bowls or cups, pour 30ml of liqueur over each. Top with hot coffee and serve immediately.
36	1	Step 1	Place generous scoops of ice-cream into individual serving glasses. Serve together with individual shot glasses of coffee and Frangelico. When ready to eat, guests pour coffee and liqueur over ice-cream. Serve with biscotti.
37	1	Step 1	Fill 4 small serving glasses with 2-3 scoops of low-fat ice-cream or gelato. Top the ice-cream with a shot (30ml) of hot espresso coffee and serve. For a real lift, add an extra shot of chocolate or coffee-flavoured liqueur.
38	1	Step 1	Combine coffee and liqueur in a jug. Divide ice-cream between glasses.
38	2	Step 2	Divide coffee mixture between glasses. Serve with biscotti.
39	1	Step 1	Grease and line a 1-litre loaf pan or terrine (we used a pyramid mould from kitchenware shops) with baking paper or plastic wrap, leaving some overhanging the sides.
39	2	Step 2	Place the coffee, sugar and vanilla bean and seeds in a small saucepan over high heat. Bring to the boil, then reduce heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes until slightly reduced. Cool slightly.
39	3	Step 3	Beat the egg yolks in the bowl of an electric mixer until pale and frothy. With the motor running, gradually add one third of the warm coffee syrup until incorporated (reserving the rest to serve), followed by the 1/4 cup (60ml) Frangelico. Beat in mascarpone to combine.
39	4	Step 4	In a separate bowl, whip the cream to soft peaks, then fold into the egg mixture, keeping as much air in the mixture as possible. Pour the mixture into the terrine or mould, cover with the overhanging paper or wrap, and freeze overnight until firm.
39	5	Step 5	If desired, stir the extra 2 tablespoons of Frangelico into the remaining syrup, then refrigerate until needed.
39	6	Step 6	When ready to serve, turn out the terrine onto a platter and slice 2cm thick. Divide among plates, then drizzle with the reserved coffee syrup and garnish with chocolate-coated coffee beans.
40	1	Step 1	Combine the coffee, tequila and coffee liqueur in a heatproof jug.
40	2	Step 2	Spoon the ice-cream among serving glasses. Pour over the coffee mixture and serve immediately.
41	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan-forced. Grease 2 large baking trays and line with baking paper.
41	2	Step 2	Using an electric mixer, beat butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add cocoa and flour. Beat on low speed until combined. Stir in cornflakes. Roll level tablespoons of mixture into balls. Flatten slightly. Place onto prepared trays, 4cm apart, to allow room for spreading during cooking.
41	3	Step 3	Bake for 15 to 18 minutes or until just firm to the touch, swapping trays halfway through cooking. Cool completely on trays.
41	4	Step 4	Make Chocolate icing: Sift the icing sugar and cocoa into a bowl. Gradually stir in enough hot water until the mixture is smooth and combined.
41	5	Step 5	Spoon icing onto the tops of the biscuits, spreading slightly (see note). Decorate with walnuts. Set aside for 1 hour to set. Serve.
42	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, celery and carrot and stir for 6-7 minutes or until soft. Add the garlic and curry powder and stir for 1-2 minutes or until aromatic. Add the sweet potato. Stir until combined.
42	2	Step 2	Stir in tomato, water and coconut milk. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer, partially covered, for 20 minutes or until sweet potato is just tender. Stir in sugar and half the peanuts. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 3-4 minutes to develop the flavours.
42	3	Step 3	Stir in the spinach. Cook for 1-2 minutes or until the spinach just wilts. Divide the stew and rice among bowls. Top with remaining peanuts.
43	1	Step 1	Cover a large, flat baking tray with foil. Place small scoops of vanilla ice-cream on the tray and freeze until hard.
43	2	Step 2	Melt chocolates in separate bowls over pans of simmering water. Once melted, set aside to cool.
43	3	Step 3	Transfer ice-cream scoops to a wire rack over a baking tray and spoon the dark chocolate over each scoop; it should harden immediately.
43	4	Step 4	Garnish each with a little of the milk chocolate. Freeze until firm before serving.
44	1	Step 1	Grease 3 large baking trays. Line with baking paper. Sift almond meal, cocoa and icing sugar together in a bowl.
44	2	Step 2	Using an electric mixer, beat eggwhites in a bowl until soft peaks form. Gradually add sugar, beating until dissolved. Beat until just combined. Fold in half the almond mixture until just combined. Fold in remaining mixture until combined and glossy (mixture will break down a little).
44	3	Step 3	Spoon into a large snaplock bag. Snip 1cm from 1 corner. Pipe 4cm rounds mixture onto prepared trays, 3cm apart. Tap trays on bench to remove air bubbles. Set aside for 1 hour.
44	4	Step 4	Preheat oven to 130°C/110°C fan-forced. Bake macarons, 1 tray at a time, for 18 to 20 minutes or until tops are firm. Cool on trays. Carefully transfer to a wire rack.
44	5	Step 5	Make filling: Place chocolate and cream in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on high (100%) for 1 minute or until chocolate melts. Stir with a metal spoon to combine. Stir in peppermint essence. Refrigerate for 10 minutes or until mixture thickens and becomes spreadable.
44	6	Step 6	Spread 1/2 teaspoon filling over flat sides of half the macarons. Sandwich with remaining macarons. Set aside until filling sets. Serve.
45	1	Step 1	Process the cake in a food processor until fine crumbs form.
45	2	Step 2	Place the Aero Peppermint chocolate in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan half-filled with simmering water (make sure the bowl doesn't touch the water). Stir with a metal spoon until the chocolate melts and is smooth. Add the melted Peppermint Crisp and Kahlua to the cake crumbs and process until well combined.
45	3	Step 3	Line a tray with non-stick baking paper. Roll 2 teaspoonfuls of cake mixture into a ball. Place on the prepared tray. Repeat with remaining cake mixture. Place in the fridge for 30 minutes or until firm.
45	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, place the dark chocolate melts in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan half-filled with simmering water (make sure the bowl doesn't touch the water). Stir with a metal spoon until the chocolate melts and is smooth.
45	5	Step 5	Line a tray with non-stick baking paper. Divide the truffles into 3 batches. Remove 1 batch from the fridge. Use a fork or truffle dipper to dip truffles, 1 at a time, into melted chocolate to coat. Gently tap the fork or dipper on the edge of the bowl to allow excess chocolate to drip off. Carefully place on the prepared tray. Top each truffle with extra Peppermint Crisp. Repeat, in 2 more batches, with the remaining truffles, melted chocolate and Peppermint Crisp. Set aside for 10 minutes.
46	1	Step 1	Grease a 6cm-deep, 20cm square cake pan.
46	2	Step 2	Line base and sides with baking paper, allowing a 3cm overhang on all sides.
46	3	Step 3	Place half the melts in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on high (100 per cent) for 1 to 2 minutes or until smooth, stirring with a metal spoon every 30 seconds.
46	4	Step 4	Pour chocolate over base of prepared pan. Refrigerate for 15 minutes or until set.
46	5	Step 5	Sift icing sugar in a microwave-safe bowl. Stir in oil and milk to form a thick paste. Microwave on high for 2 to 3 minutes, or until smooth, stirring every 30 seconds. Stir in peppermint essence. Set aside for 2 minutes to cool slightly. (If mixture is too thick, add 1 tablespoon milk).
46	6	Step 6	Pour peppermint mixture over chocolate in pan, spreading with a spatula. Refrigerate for 15 minutes or until just set.
46	7	Step 7	Place remaining chocolate in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on high for 1 to 2 minutes or until smooth, stirring with a metal spoon every 30 seconds.
46	8	Step 8	Pour chocolate over peppermint layer.
46	9	Step 9	Refrigerate until set.
46	10	Step 10	Lift chocolate from pan and, using a warm knife, cut after-dinner mints into squares.
47	1	Step 1	Place dark chocolate and cream in a microwave-safe heatproof bowl. Microwave on MEDIUM (50%) for 1 to 2 minutes or until smooth, stirring with a metal spoon halfway through. Stir in essence. Set aside for 15 minutes to cool.
47	2	Step 2	Cut 3 rectangles of bubble chocolate into quarters (to form small squares). Spoon half the melted chocolate mixture into a snap-lock bag. Snip off 1 corner. Half fill cups with chocolate mixture. Press 1 piece bubble chocolate into each cup. Spoon remaining chocolate mixture into snap-lock bag. Fill cups with chocolate mixture.
47	3	Step 3	Chop remaining bubble chocolate. Top cups with chopped chocolate. Refrigerate for 30 minutes or until set. Serve.
48	1	Step 1	Combine almond meal, cream, caster sugar, biscuit, apple, lemon juice and cinnamon in a bowl. Cover. Place in the fridge for 4 hours to develop the flavours.
48	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 190°C. Cut each pastry sheet into quarters diagonally. Spread one-eighth of the almond mixture over each pastry triangle. Starting at the long side, roll up to form a log. Shape into a crescent. Place on a non-stick baking tray. Bake for 20 minutes or until golden.
48	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, combine the icing sugar, water and extra lemon juice in a bowl.
48	4	Step 4	Brush the hot croissants with the icing. Dust with icing sugar, if desired. Serve warm or cold.
49	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Line a large baking tray with baking paper.
49	2	Step 2	Peel, core and thinly slice the pears. Place in a bowl with the sugars, lemon juice and spices, then toss well to coat. Melt butter in a large pan over medium heat. Arrange pears in a single layer, reduce heat to low and cook, turning, for 4-5 minutes until tender. Cool.
49	3	Step 3	Roll out pastry to a 25cm x 40cm rectangle. Halve pastry lengthways to make 2 long rectangles. Place 1 rectangle on the baking tray and prick with a fork, leaving a 1cm border. Scatter half the cheese within border, top with cooled pears then scatter with remaining cheese. Brush border with egg wash.
49	4	Step 4	Gently fold remaining pastry rectangle in half lengthways and use a sharp knife to make cuts at 2cm intervals in the folded side, leaving a 2cm border on the unfolded style. Carefully unfold the pastry and place over the filling, pressing the edges to seal – the cuts in the pastry should separate slightly to reveal some of the filling.
49	5	Step 5	Brush all over with remaining egg wash and bake for 25 minutes or until puffed and golden. Rest for 5 minutes, drizzle with honey, slice and serve.
50	1	Step 1	Soak mushrooms for 10 minutes in 1/2 cup of boiling water. Drain and discard liquid. Set aside.
50	2	Step 2	Place dashi in a pan with 250ml hot water over medium heat. Add the sauces, sugar, cornflour and mushrooms. Simmer for 3 minutes, then add the carrot and shallots.
50	3	Step 3	Heat oil in a non-stick pan over medium-high heat. Pat tofu dry with paper towel, then dip in flour that has been seasoned with salt and pepper. Fry tofu for 1 minute each side until golden.
50	4	Step 4	Place noodles in bowls, add a piece of tofu and pour over broth.
51	1	Step 1	Cook pasta in a saucepan of boiling salted water, following packet directions until tender. Drain, reserving 1/4 cup liquid.
51	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a large, non-stick frying pan over medium-low heat. Add garlic and chilli, if using. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes or until fragrant. Add pasta and reserved cooking liquid. Season with salt and pepper. Cook, tossing, for 1 to 2 minutes or until combined and heated through. Serve sprinkled with parmesan and parsley.
52	1	Step 1	Season the lamb with salt. Heat the oil in a flameproof casserole dish over high heat and cook the lamb, in 2 batches, for 5 minutes or until browned. Transfer to a plate.
52	2	Step 2	Add the garlic to the dish. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add wine. Cook, scraping the dish with a flat-edged wooden spoon to dislodge any bits that have cooked onto the base, for 1 minute. Add the lamb, stock and vinegar. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Add the sage, rosemary and chilli flakes. Season with pepper. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, for 1 1/2 hours or until the lamb is tender.
52	3	Step 3	Use a slotted spoon to transfer the lamb to a plate. Increase heat to high. Add the anchovy and simmer for 7 minutes or until the liquid reduces by a quarter. Add the lamb and broad beans. Cook for 3 minutes or until warmed through. Serve with potatoes.
53	1	Step 1	Heat a little olive oil in a large, deep non-stick frying pan and cook chicken for 3-4 minutes or until golden brown and cooked through. Remove to a plate and cover to keep warm.
53	2	Step 2	Cook agnolotti in a large saucepan of boiling salted water according to packet instructions or until al dente. Drain and cover to keep warm.
53	3	Step 3	Return the frying pan to medium heat and add the cream and pesto. Season with salt and pepper. Simmer for 3 minutes then add the pasta and gently toss to combine.
53	4	Step 4	Slice the chicken into medallions. To serve, divide pasta between bowls and top with chicken. Serve, sprinkled with basil leaves if desired.
54	1	Step 1	Cook the pasta in a large saucepan of salted boiling water following packet directions or until al dente. Drain and return to the pan.
54	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and pancetta and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until the pancetta is crisp. Add the garlic and chilli and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic.
54	3	Step 3	Add the tomato, wine and rosemary to the onion mixture. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes or until the sauce thickens. Season with salt and pepper. Add the tomato mixture and half the parmesan to the pasta and combine. Top with remaining parmesan to serve.
55	1	Step 1	Cook pasta in a saucepan of boiling, salted water, following packet directions, until tender. Drain.
55	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add onion. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes until softened and golden. Add tomatoes and garlic. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes until tomatoes start to soften.
55	3	Step 3	Add pasta, parmesan, olives and basil to pan. Gently toss to combine. Season. Serve sprinkled with extra parmesan.
56	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Scatter tomatoes and onion over the lined tray. Drizzle with half the oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast for 20 minutes or until tomatoes and onion is tender. Remove from oven.
56	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat remaining oil in a large frying pan over high heat. Add chicken and cook for 2-3 minutes each side or until golden brown and cooked through. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
56	3	Step 3	Cook Latina™ Fresh Filled Pasta, Spinach & Ricotta Agnolotti following packet directions or until al dente. Drain well. Return to pan.
56	4	Step 4	Transfer tomato mixture and half basil leaves to a processor and process until almost smooth.  Pour over pasta and toss to combine.
56	5	Step 5	Divide pasta among serving plates and top with pecorino and basil. Top with sliced chicken to serve. Serve with a rocket and fennel salad.
57	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Cut pumpkin into 2cm cubes. Place onto tray. Brush with 1 tablespoon of butter. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden and tender.
57	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cook pasta in a saucepan of boiling salted water, following packet directions, until just tender.
57	3	Step 3	Heat remaining butter in a frying pan over medium heat for 3 to 5 minutes or until golden brown. Stir in nutmeg.
57	4	Step 4	Drain pasta, reserving 2 tablespoons of cooking water. Return pasta and reserved water to saucepan. Add pumpkin, butter, walnuts, chives, parsley, and salt and pepper. Toss over low heat until well combined. Serve immediately.
58	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Cut pumpkin into 2cm cubes. Place onto tray. Brush with 1 tablespoon of butter. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until golden and tender.
58	2	Step 2	Cook pasta in a large saucepan of boiling salted water, following packet directions, until tender.
58	3	Step 3	Heat remaining butter in a frying pan over medium heat for 3 to 5 minutes, or until golden brown. Add nutmeg.
58	4	Step 4	Drain pasta, reserving 2 tablespoons of cooking water. Return pasta and reserved water to saucepan. Add pumpkin, butter, walnuts, chives, parsley, and salt and pepper. Toss over low heat until well combined. Serve immediately.
59	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Line a large baking tray with baking paper. Place pumpkin in a bowl. Add chilli and coriander. Spray with oil. Stir to combine. Arrange pumpkin, in a single layer, on baking tray. Roast for 20 to 25 minutes or until golden and tender.
59	2	Step 2	Cook pasta in a large saucepan of boiling salted water, following packet directions, until tender. Drain, reserving 1/4 cup cooking liquid. Return pasta to pan.
59	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, melt butter in a frying pan over medium heat. Cook sage and walnut for 3 to 5 minutes or until butter is golden and sage crisp.
59	4	Step 4	Add pumpkin, sage mixture and reserved cooking liquid to pasta. Season with salt and pepper. Toss over low heat until combined and heated through. Serve topped with parmesan.
60	1	Step 1	Cook the agnolotti in a saucepan of salted boiling water following packet directions or until al dente. Drain.
60	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place the capsicum and tomato in the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth.
60	3	Step 3	Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and rosemary and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until the garlic is soft. Add the wine and cook for 1 minute or until the wine reduces slightly. Add the capsicum mixture and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until the sauce thickens.
60	4	Step 4	Add the agnolotti to the pan and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until heated through. Divide the agnolotti mixture and spinach among serving dishes. Sprinkle with goats cheese to serve.
61	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 240°C/220°C fan-forced. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Place pumpkin on tray. Spray with oil. Season with salt and pepper. Bake for 25 minutes or until golden and tender.
61	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cook pasta in a large saucepan of boiling, salted water, following packet directions, until tender. Drain.
61	3	Step 3	Combine dressing and mustard in a jug. Place pasta, pumpkin, tomato, spinach and dressing mixture in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Serve.
62	1	Step 1	Combine all ingredients in an airtight container. Refrigerate for 30 minutes or up to 1 week for the flavours to develop.
62	2	Step 2	Bring olives to room temperature and serve with bloody Marias.
63	1	Step 1	Process garlic, salt and egg yolks in the small bowl of a food processor until well combined.
63	2	Step 2	With motor running, slowly add oil through feed tube, processing to form a thick mayonnaise. Transfer to a bowl.
63	3	Step 3	Stir in lemon juice and mustard. Add water according to taste. Cover surface with plastic wrap and refrigerate until required.
64	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Cut top from garlic bulb to expose cloves. Discard top. Place bulb in centre of 20cm piece of foil. Drizzle with oil. Gather foil and twist at top to enclose garlic. Roast for 50 minutes or until tender. Stand for 10 minutes or until cool enough to handle. Squeeze garlic from skin. Discard skin. Place mayonnaise in a bowl. Stir in garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Cover. Refrigerate until needed.
65	1	Step 1	Soak bread in a bowl of water, drain, then squeeze bread to remove excess moisture.
65	2	Step 2	Process soaked bread, garlic, whole almonds and 375ml (1 1/2 cups) water in a food processor until very smooth. Transfer to a large bowl or container, stir in vinegar, oil and 500ml (2 cups) water, then season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for 4 hours or until well chilled.
65	3	Step 3	Ladle soup among bowls. Scatter with grapes and slivered almonds.
66	1	Step 1	Place potatoes in a large saucepan and cover with plenty of cold water. Bring to the boil over high heat and cook for 15 minutes or until tender. Drain. Set aside for 10 minutes to cool slightly.
66	2	Step 2	Peel the potatoes and cut into thick wedges. Heat the oil in a wok over high heat until just smoking. Add the onion, green chilli and curry leaves, and stir-fry for 1 minute or until onion is golden brown. Reduce heat to medium. Add the chilli powder, chill flakes and turmeric, and stir-fry for 30 seconds or until fragrant. Add the tomato and stir-fry for 2 minutes or until well combined and heated through. Add the potato, water and Maldive fish flakes, and stir-fry for 3-5 minutes or until potato is coated in the spice mixture. Add the capsicum and coconut milk, and stir-fry for 3 minutes or until sauce thickens slightly. Remove from heat. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a large serving bowl and serve immediately.
67	1	Step 1	Cut steak into medium cubes. Heat oil in a large saucepan, add meat in batches and brown well on all sides over high heat. Set aside. Add onions and mushrooms, and cook over low-medium heat for 8-10 minutes until softened and golden. Stir in Worcestershire sauce and tomato paste. Return meat to pan with beer, stock and herbs. Bring to the boil, then cover and simmer for 1 1/2 hours. Blend cornflour with 2 tablespoons cold water, stir into steak mixture and cook for 1-2 minutes until thickened. Cool completely. Place in a 1.5L casserole dish. Place a pie funnel (see note) in centre.
67	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 190°C. Roll out the pastry to fit top of pie dish. Cut a 1cm-wide border from perimeter of pastry and use to line edges of dish, brush with water. Make sure remaining pastry fits the top of the dish, then cut a cross into the centre to allow the pie funnel to fit through. Place pastry on top, press edges to border to seal. Brush with egg and bake in the oven for 30 minutes until puffed and golden.
68	1	Step 1	Place the orange, grapefruit and sugar in a plastic bowl. Use the end of a rolling pin to pound until lightly crushed.
68	2	Step 2	Divide orange mixture among serving glasses. Top with ice. Pour over the rum, limoncello and tonic water to serve.
69	1	Step 1	Cook pasta in a saucepan of boiling salted water, following packet directions until tender. Drain, reserving 1/4 cup liquid.
69	2	Step 2	Melt butter in a large non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Add garlic. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until fragrant.
69	3	Step 3	Stir in cream. Bring to a gentle boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 3 to
69	4	Step 4	minutes or until sauce slightly thickens. Add parsley, parmesan, pasta and reserved cooking liquid. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Serve.
70	1	Step 1	In a casserole dish or frying pan, brown the beef in the oil. Add the vegetables, mix well. Add tomato paste, spices, harissa and coriander leaves. Cover with water and leave to simmer for about 45 minutes.
70	2	Step 2	After simmering, sieve soup, reserving the liquid. Return cooked meat to the fry pan. Add reserved liquid. Before serving, add pasta and cook for approx. 7 mins. Present with some coriander leaves and orange.
71	1	Step 1	Combine the fish, octopus, prawns, onion, fennel, celery, oil, paprika, cumin, caraway seeds and chilli flakes in a bowl. Transfer to a 3L (12-cup) capacity flameproof tagine. Add the water. Cover. Cook over low heat for 40 minutes or until the seafood is cooked through. Set aside for 10 minutes to rest.
71	2	Step 2	While the tagine is resting, preheat a chargrill on medium. Cook the sausages, turning, for 8 minutes or until cooked through. Thickly slice diagonally.
71	3	Step 3	Top the tagine with the sausage and reserved fennel fronds.
72	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 170C. Grease a 24cm springform pan, then line base with baking paper. To make shortbread base, process flour, sugar and butter in a food processor until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add walnuts and process until mixture starts to form clumps. Press mixture evenly over base, then bake for 20 minutes or until pale golden. Cool for 10 minutes in pan, then release side of pan and slide shortbread with baking paper off base onto a wire rack. Cool completely.
72	2	Step 2	Reduce oven to 150C. Wipe pan clean. Grease with extra butter. Wrap outside of pan with foil to make it watertight.
72	3	Step 3	Process raspberries in a food processor to a puree, then press through a fine sieve into a bowl. Discard seeds. Measure 60g puree for the filling.
72	4	Step 4	To make cheesecake filling, melt 50g white chocolate melts. Using an electric mixer, beat cream cheese on medium speed, scraping down the side of the bowl frequently, for 5 minutes or until smooth. Add sugar and vanilla, and beat until just combined. Add eggs, one at a time, beating after each addition until just combined. Place 1 cup cream cheese mixture in a small bowl and stir in reserved 60g raspberry puree and melted white chocolate.
72	5	Step 5	Spoon plain cheese mixture into pan and level. Fit a piping bag with a 1cm plain nozzle, twist bag near nozzle to prevent filling leaking, then spoon the raspberry cheese mixture into the bag. Untwist bag, quickly insert nozzle into the centre of the cake filling to a depth of 1cm, then pipe a 3cm round of the raspberry mixture. Lift out nozzle (take care as mixture may leak), then place above the centre dot and pipe a 1.5cm round. Repeat at the opposite point, then pipe 2 x 1.5cm rounds on each side. You should now have 7 rounds. If you have mixture remaining, add a little more to each of the smaller rounds; don’t worry if they aren’t level.
72	6	Step 6	Place in a large roasting pan on the bottom shelf of the oven, then pour in enough boiling water to reach 3cm up the side of cake pan. Bake for 1 1/4 hours or until edge is set and centre moves only slightly when pan is shaken; the top will be pale golden. Remove cake from water bath and cool to room temperature. Keep oven at 150C.
72	7	Step 7	Meanwhile, to make edible playing cards, using a pencil and a ruler, draw 3 x 5cm x 30cm rectangles on a sheet of baking paper. Melt remaining 200g white chocolate melts. Turn paper over, spread chocolate thinly within marked rectangles, then set aside until just set. Using a sharp knife, trim rectangles straight. Cut each into 10 x 5cm x 3cm rectangles to make 30 cards, then trim the corners. Place on an oven tray lined with baking paper. Place 6 red hearts at the centre of each card and 4 white hearts at each corner. Place tray in oven for 30 seconds; this will melt chocolate slightly so the hearts stick. Cool.
72	8	Step 8	Line a board or tart pan base with baking paper. Release the side of the cheesecake pan, then invert onto lined board. Carefully remove pan base, then invert cheesecake onto the cooled shortbread base so red dots are on top. Press white-chocolate cards around the side of the cake, using a small dot of soft butter to stick them to the cake.
73	1	Step 1	Melt butter with garlic in a pan over very low heat. Set aside. Cook potato in boiling salted water for 20 minutes until tender. Drain, return to pan and cover with a tea towel for 5 minutes to absorb steam. Pass through a potato ricer or mash with a masher, then add garlic butter, milk and cheese and beat with electric beaters or a whisk until smooth. Serve with the beef.
74	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large heavy-based saucepan over medium heat. Add the vegetables, garlic, chilli and coriander. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until soft. Add the cumin, paprika and cayenne. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until aromatic. Add the tomato, beans and water. Season. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 25 minutes or until vegetables are tender.
74	2	Step 2	Serve with rice and tortillas. Top with coriander leaves and sour cream or yoghurt.
75	1	Step 1	Heat half the oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Stir in the beef for 2-3 minutes or until browned. Transfer to a plate.
75	2	Step 2	Heat remaining oil over medium heat. Stir in the carrot, celery and onion for 8 minutes or until soft. Stir in garlic and rosemary for 1 minute or until aromatic. Return the beef to the pan.
75	3	Step 3	Add stock, water, barley and bay leaves. Cover and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer, covered, skimming any scum that rises to the surface, for 1 1/2 hours. Add tomato and sweet potato. Simmer for 30 minutes or until beef is tender. Season with pepper.
76	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Arrange the sausages and mushrooms in a large roasting pan. Drizzle over oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake in oven, turning once, for 10 minutes. Add the bacon and tomato and bake for a further 10 minutes or until mushrooms and tomato are soft.
76	2	Step 2	Arrange the mixture in the pan to create 6 spaces. Crack 1 egg into each space. Bake for 4-5 minutes or until the eggs are cooked to your liking. Serve immediately with buttered toast, if desired.
77	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Lightly grease a 3cm deep, 24cm (base) quiche dish.
77	2	Step 2	Combine pastry mix, cheese, butter, eggs and milk in a bowl. Stir well.
77	3	Step 3	Add corn, onion, basil, chicken, tomato, parsley, and salt and pepper to egg mixture. Mix well. Pour into prepared quiche dish. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes or until golden and firm to the touch. Serve.
78	1	Step 1	Place flours in a large bowl. Mix to combine. Store in an airtight container in the pantry for up to 3 months.
79	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C. Line 12 1/3-cup capacity muffin pans with paper cases.
79	2	Step 2	Use an electric beater to beat the butter and sugar in a bowl until pale and creamy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition.
79	3	Step 3	Fold in the flour, almond meal and milk until smooth. Divide the mixture among the cases and smooth the surfaces.
79	4	Step 4	Bake for 30-35 minutes or until a skewer inserted in the centre comes out clean.
79	5	Step 5	To make the orange syrup: Use a zester, or a vegetable peeler and a small sharp knife, to peel and cut the orange rind into thin strips. Stir the orange rind, sugar and orange juice in a small saucepan over low heat for 2-3 minutes, until the sugar dissolves. Increase the heat to high and bring to the boil.
79	6	Step 6	Simmer, without stirring, for 1-2 minutes or until the mixture thickens slightly.
79	7	Step 7	Place cupcakes on a wire rack and slowly spoon over the syrup. Serve with double cream while still warm.
80	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Spray two 9cm (base measurement across the widest part) heart-shaped cake pans with oil.
80	2	Step 2	Combine the butter, sugar and cocoa powder in a small saucepan. Cook, stirring, over medium-low heat for 5 minutes or until smooth. Set aside to cool slightly.
80	3	Step 3	Beat the almond meal, egg and milk into the cocoa mixture. Divide the mixture evenly between the prepared pans. Bake for 10-12 minutes or until firm to the touch. Set aside to cool slightly before turning out onto a wire rack to cool completely.
80	4	Step 4	To make the chocolate ganache, combine the chocolate and cream in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until mixture is smooth. Set aside, stirring occasionally, until the mixture cools and thickens.
80	5	Step 5	Spread the chocolate ganache over the cakes. Top with raspberries.
81	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Brush 2 baking trays with melted butter to lightly grease. Use an electric beater to beat together the butter and icing sugar mixture in a bowl until pale and creamy. Add the almond meal and sift over the flours and ground cloves. Stir until well combined.
81	2	Step 2	Use your hands to roll heaped tablespoonsful of mixture into 8cm long logs. Shape into crescents and place on prepared trays, about 3cm apart. Bake in preheated oven, swapping trays halfway through cooking, for 25 minutes or until cooked through and light golden. Remove from oven.
81	3	Step 3	Lightly brush shortbreads with rosewater essence and set aside on trays for 30 minutes to cool and firm.
81	4	Step 4	Dust shortbreads with extra icing sugar, turning to evenly coat in the sugar. Set aside for a further 30 minutes or until completely cool.
82	1	Step 1	Stir the milk, sugar and orange rind in a saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Add semolina in a thin, steady stream and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until the mixture boils and thickens. Stir in butter. Transfer to a bowl. Discard orange rind. Set aside to cool slightly. Whisk in egg. Cover surface of custard with plastic wrap.
82	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 180ºC. Brush the base and side of a 23cm (base measurement) springform pan with melted butter. Process the almonds, extra sugar and cinnamon in a food processor until finely chopped.
82	3	Step 3	Place filo on a clean work surface. Cover with a dry tea towel then a damp tea towel. Brush 1 filo sheet with some melted butter. Top with another filo sheet. Place over base and side of pan, allowing the sides to overhang. Repeat with 2 more filo sheets, overlapping to cover the side completely. Top with half the almond mixture.
82	4	Step 4	Brush 1 filo sheet with melted butter. Top with another filo sheet. Place over almond mixture and up the side of the pan. Repeat with 2 more filo sheets, overlapping to cover the side. Top with semolina mixture. Brush 1 filo sheet with melted butter. Top with another filo sheet and place over the semolina and up the side of pan. Repeat with 2 more filo sheets, overlapping to cover the side. Top with remaining almond mixture. Fold over the overhanging filo, pressing gently. Brush with remaining butter. Place pan on a baking tray and bake for 50-55 minutes or until golden.
82	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, to make the butterscotch syrup, stir schnapps, water and sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer for 10 minutes or until syrup thickens slightly. Set aside to cool slightly.
82	6	Step 6	Pour the syrup over the pie in the pan and set aside to cool completely. Cut the pie into wedges to serve.
83	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160C to 140C fan-forced. Grease a 23cm round cake pan. Line base and sides with 2 layers of baking paper, bringing paper 5cm above edge of pan.
83	2	Step 2	Combine sultanas, currants, cherries, almonds, orange rind and juice in a large bowl. Set aside to soak for 2 hrs.
83	3	Step 3	Using electric beaters, beat butter and sugar until pale and creamy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in fruit and chocolate. Fold in flour and baking powder alternately with milk, beginning and ending with flour.  Spoon into prepared pan, smoothing top with a metal spatula.
83	4	Step 4	Scatter flaked almonds over top of cake. Bake for 2-2.5 hrs until a skewer inserted comes out clean. Cool in pan.
84	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 170°C. Brush a round 22cm (base measurement) cake pan with melted butter to grease. Line the base and side with non-stick baking paper.
84	2	Step 2	Use an electric beater to beat the butter, sugar and vanilla in a bowl, scraping down the side occasionally, for 8 minutes or until pale and creamy. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition.
84	3	Step 3	Stir in the almond meal. Add half the flour and half the milk. Use a wooden spoon to stir until well combined. Repeat with remaining flour and milk.
84	4	Step 4	Arrange the apple, slightly overlapping, over the base of the prepared pan. Spoon the mixture into the pan and smooth the surface. Bake in oven for 30-35 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Set aside in the pan for 10 minutes to cool slightly before turning onto a serving plate. Serve warm with custard.
85	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Brush twelve 150ml-capacity Texas muffin pans with melted butter to lightly grease.
85	2	Step 2	To make the crumble topping, place the flour in a bowl. Use your fingertips to rub the butter into the flour until the mixture resembles coarse breadcrumbs. Stir in the sugar and almonds.
85	3	Step 3	Place the flour and sugar in a large bowl. Add the butter, milk and egg, and stir until well combined.
85	4	Step 4	Spoon the mixture evenly among the prepared pans. Divide the blueberries evenly among the pans. Sprinkle over the crumble mixture. Bake in oven for 20-25 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centres comes out clean. Set aside in the pans for 15 minutes to cool slightly.
85	5	Step 5	Warm the custard following packet directions. Remove the muffins from the pans and divide among serving plates. Drizzle over the custard to serve.
86	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Brush a square 20cm (base measurement) cake pan with melted butter to grease. Line the base and sides with non-stick baking paper.
86	2	Step 2	Combine the almond meal and sugar in a medium bowl.
86	3	Step 3	Whisk together the eggs and brandy in a separate bowl. Add the butter and whisk until just combined. Add to the sugar mixture and stir until well combined. Pour into the prepared pan. Sprinkle with slivered almonds. Bake for 35-40 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean.
86	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, combine the extra sugar, water and cardamom pods in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until the sugar dissolves. Bring to a simmer. Cook, without stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the wine and simmer for 2 minutes or until the mixture thickens slightly. Add the peaches and simmer for 5 minutes or until just tender. Set aside to cool.
86	5	Step 5	Peel the peaches and discard the skin. Halve. Remove and discard the stones. Return the peaches to the syrup.
86	6	Step 6	Place cake on a serving platter. Dust with icing sugar. Serve warm or at room temperature with cream and poached peaches.
87	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Brush a square 15cm (base measurement) cake pan with oil to lightly grease. Line the base with 1 sheet of rice paper. Spread the almonds over a baking tray. Bake in oven for 8-10 minutes or until toasted. Set aside to cool.
87	2	Step 2	Combine the sugar, honey, glucose and water in a medium saucepan and stir over low heat for 5-7 minutes or until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to high. Bring to the boil. Cook, without stirring, occasionally brushing down the side of the pan with a pastry brush dipped in water, for 4-5 minutes or until a candy thermometer reaches 160°C. Remove from heat.
87	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, use an electric beater to whisk the egg white and rosewater in a clean, dry bowl until firm peaks form. With the motor running, pour the hot sugar-syrup mixture into the egg-white mixture in a thin steady stream. Use a metal spoon to stir in the almonds and cherries. Pour into the prepared pan and press firmly into the base. Top with the remaining rice paper sheet. Set aside in a cool, dry place for 4 hours to set.
87	4	Step 4	Turn nougat onto a chopping board and cut into 2.5cm squares to serve.
88	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220°C. Place four 15cm squares of baking paper on 2 large baking trays. Arrange one-quarter of the potato slices, slightly overlapping, on the centre of each square of baking paper to form a disc. Place the butter in a small bowl. Scrape the seeds from the vanilla bean into the bowl and stir to combine, then cut the bean into 4 long strips. Spoon half the butter mixture over the potato discs. Place a strip of vanilla bean on top of each potato galette. Season. Bake for 15-20 minutes or until golden and crisp.
88	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place the fish on a lined baking tray. Season. Combine the almonds, coconut and egg white in a bowl. Gently spoon over the fish. Top with remaining butter mixture. Bake for 12 minutes or until the fish flakes when tested with a fork.
88	3	Step 3	Divide the potato galettes among plates and top with broccolini and the fish. Drizzle over any extra butter mixture from the tray.
89	1	Step 1	Grease a 20cm x 30cm lamington pan. Place sugar, syrup, 1/4 cup cold water and a pinch of salt in a saucepan. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until sugar dissolves.
89	2	Step 2	Increase heat to high. Bring to the boil. Cook, without stirring, for 3 to 5 minutes. Add blanched almonds. Cook for 10 to 12 minutes, swirling pan occasionally, or until sugar turns golden. Remove from heat.
89	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, combine almond kernels, coffee beans, vanilla and bicarbonate of soda in a bowl. Carefully add to sugar mixture. Stir to combine.
89	4	Step 4	Pour mixture evenly over base of pan. Set aside for 2 hours or until cooled completely. Using the end of a rolling pin, break into pieces.
90	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Line 2 large baking trays with baking paper. Using an electric mixer, beat egg, egg yolk, sugar and essence in a large bowl until pale and thick. Sift over flour and baking powder. Add almonds and cranberries. Stir to combine.
90	2	Step 2	Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead lightly until smooth. Divide dough in half. Shape each half into a 20cm-long log. Place on trays. Flatten slightly.
90	3	Step 3	Bake for 30 minutes or until golden, swapping position of trays halfway through cooking. Cool on trays for 15 minutes. Reduce oven to 140°C/120°C fan-forced. Using a serrated knife, slice logs diagonally into 5mm-thick slices. Discard ends.
90	4	Step 4	Place biscotti, in a single layer, on baking trays. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, turning halfway through cooking, or until dry and crisp. Stand on trays for 5 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Serve.
91	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C. Lightly grease a 20cm spring-form pan and dust with a little rice flour. Line bottom with baking paper.
91	2	Step 2	In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat egg whites with a few drops of lemon juice until soft peaks form. Gradually add sugar, beating until glossy, firm peaks form.
91	3	Step 3	Fold in almond meal, cocoa and remaining lemon juice. Toss dates and cranberries with the rice flour and gently fold into the mixture.
91	4	Step 4	Spoon mixture into prepared pan. Bake for 30-35 mins until the cake begins to pull away from the sides of the pan.
91	5	Step 5	For the Lemon Glaze: In a small bowl, mix icing sugar with enough lemon juice to make it spreadable.
91	6	Step 6	Cool cake in pan on a wire rack for 5 mins, then loosen the sides of the pan and remove. While still warm, top with lemon glaze and serve in slices.
92	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Place the almonds in a food processor and process until finely chopped (a little rougher than the texture of almond meal).
92	2	Step 2	Transfer to a clean bowl and add the lime rind, dill, butter, salt and cracked black pepper, mixing with your fingers until crumbly and just combined.
92	3	Step 3	Place the fish on a baking tray lined with non-stick baking paper. Top with the almond mixture, pressing to help the mixture stick to the fish. Bake for 12-15 minutes or until golden and cooked through. Serve with salad leaves and lime wedges.
93	1	Step 1	Place the figs in a heatproof bowl and add enough boiling water to cover. Set aside for 15 minutes to soften. Drain. Cut the figs in half horizontally.
93	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, preheat oven to 170°C. Brush the base and side of a round 20cm (base measurement) springform pan with melted butter to grease. Line the base and side with 2 layers of non-stick baking paper.
93	3	Step 3	Sift the icing sugar, flour and baking powder into a large bowl. Add the almond meal and mandarin rind. Stir to combine.
93	4	Step 4	Whisk the eggs and egg whites in a bowl until well combined. Add the egg, butter and vanilla to the icing sugar mixture. Stir until the mixture is smooth and just combined.
93	5	Step 5	Pour into the prepared pan and use the back of a spoon to smooth the surface. Arrange the fig, cut-side up, on top. Bake, covering with foil if necessary to prevent over-browning, for 50-55 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Set aside in the pan to cool slightly, then remove from the pan and place on a wire rack to cool completely.
93	6	Step 6	To make the brown sugar mascarpone, stir the mascarpone and brown sugar in a medium bowl until well combined.
93	7	Step 7	Serve the cake with the brown sugar mascarpone.
94	1	Step 1	To make stuffing, combine almonds, figs, capers, rosemary and lemon zest in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper.
94	2	Step 2	Place a chicken fillet between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and, using a meat mallet or rolling pin, pound until 1cm thick. Repeat with remaining fillets. Place fillets, smooth-side down, on a work surface, season, then drizzle with extra oil. Divide stuffing among fillets, then, using your hands, press evenly over fillet. Starting at one short end, roll up each fillet to enclose stuffing. Wrap in plastic wrap, twisting ends to form a compact log. Makes 4 rolls. Refrigerate for 3 hours or overnight.
94	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 180C. Unwrap rolls and secure with a toothpick. Using sharp scissors, trim toothpicks. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large, ovenproof frying pan over medium–high heat. Add chicken rolls and cook, turning frequently, for 5 minutes or until browned all over. Transfer pan to top shelf of oven. Cook, turning halfway, for 20 minutes or until cooked through.
94	4	Step 4	Ten minutes before chicken is cooked, place tomatoes on an oven tray, drizzle with extra oil, then season. Roast on bottom shelf of oven for 10 minutes or until softened.
94	5	Step 5	Remove tomatoes and chicken from oven. Transfer chicken to a plate and cover loosely with foil. Rest for 5 minutes. Reserve pan.
94	6	Step 6	Meanwhile, cook beans in a saucepan of boiling salted water for 3 minutes or until just tender. Drain, refresh in iced water, then drain again.
94	7	Step 7	Whisk verjuice, mustard, remaining 2 tablespoons oil and 1 tablespoon lemon juice in a large bowl. Season. Add beans, onion and parsley, and toss to coat.
94	8	Step 8	To make jus, return reserved pan to high heat. Add wine and, using a wooden spoon, scrape bits from bottom of pan. Add stock and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer for 5 minutes or until reduced. Strain through a fine sieve into a bowl. Season.
94	9	Step 9	Divide bean mixture and roasted tomatoes among plates. Remove toothpicks, then slice chicken. Drizzle with jus to serve.
95	1	Step 1	Place sprouts and carrots in a steamer basket or insert over a saucepan of barely simmering water. Cover and steam for 7-10 minutes or until just tender. Set aside.
95	2	Step 2	Melt butter and oil in a large frying pan over medium heat until butter is foaming. Add almonds and garlic. Cook, stirring, until golden.
95	3	Step 3	Increase heat to medium-high. Add sprouts and carrots. Cook, tossing, for 1-2 minutes. Season.
95	4	Step 4	Delicious served as an accompaniment with lamb cutlets.
96	1	Step 1	Heat half the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until soft. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute.
96	2	Step 2	Add rice and stir to coat the rice in oil. Add wine and simmer until almost evaporated. Add stock and bring to the boil. Reduce the heat to low and cook, covered, for 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Place a clean tea towel under the lid and set aside for 5 minutes to steam.
96	3	Step 3	Use a small, sharp knife to score the fish skin. Season with sea salt and ground black pepper. Heat remaining oil in a frying pan over high heat. Add fish, skinside down, and cook for 2 minutes or until skin is crisp. Turn and cook for a further 1-2 minutes or until just cooked through.
96	4	Step 4	Add almonds, parsley, basil and lemon juice to rice and season with salt and pepper. Use a fork to fluff the rice.
96	5	Step 5	Spoon among serving plates. Top with fish and serve immediately with a lemon wedge and baby spinach leaves, if desired.
97	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 170°C. Combine the jam, raisin, almond and orange rind in a medium bowl.
97	2	Step 2	Combine the flour, polenta and caster sugar in a large bowl. Use your fingertips to rub the butter into the flour mixture until it resembles fine breadcrumbs.
97	3	Step 3	Whisk together the eggs and vanilla. Add to the flour mixture. Use a round-bladed knife in a cutting motion to mix until mixture starts to hold together. Knead gently until smooth and turn onto a lightly floured surface. Divide pastry in half.
97	4	Step 4	Use a lightly floured rolling pin to roll out 1 pastry half on a lightly floured surface until 5mm thick. Use the pastry to line the base and sides of a 22cm square (base measurement) fluted non-stick tart tin with removable base. Trim excess pastry.
97	5	Step 5	Pour the jam mixture evenly over the pastry. Roll out the remaining pastry and place over the filling. Press to seal and brush with milk. Bake for 30-35 minutes or until pastry is golden. Set aside in the tin for 10 minutes to cool before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely.
98	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C. Use a small, sharp knife to cut around the ham, about 8cm from the shank, in a zigzag pattern. Carefully run the knife under the rind, around the edge of the ham. Gently lift off the rind in 1 piece by running your fingers between the rind and the fat, leaving fat intact.
98	2	Step 2	Use a small, sharp knife to score the fat in a diamond pattern. Pour 1/2 cup (125ml) water in a large roasting pan. Place ham on a wire rack in the pan.
98	3	Step 3	Combine the marmalade, sugar, maple syrup, mustard and orange juice and zest in a small bowl. Brush half the glaze mixture over the ham. Bake for 40 mins, basting occasionally with half the remaining glaze.
98	4	Step 4	Add the almonds to the remaining glaze. Spoon almond mixture evenly over the ham. Bake for a further 20 mins or until almonds are lightly toasted and ham is caramelised.
98	5	Step 5	Transfer the ham to a serving platter and cut into slices to serve.
99	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 170°C. Line a 12 x 1/2 cup muffin tray with paper cases. Place 150g butter, melted and cooled, 2 eggs whisked, and the finely grated rind and juice of 1 orange in a bowl. Whisk to combine.
99	2	Step 2	Stir in 2/3 cup caster sugar, 200g almond meal and 1 cup self-raising flour. Mix until well combined. Divide evenly among the paper cases.
99	3	Step 3	Bake for 18-20 minutes or until golden and a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Serve warm, dusted with icing sugar.
100	1	Step 1	Combine the ice-cream, Violet Crumble and honey in a large bowl. Return the mixture to the ice-cream container. Place in the freezer for 2 hours or until firm.
100	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 200°C. Line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Use a 10.5cm-diameter fluted round pastry cutter to cut 4 discs from the pastry. Place the pastry discs on the lined tray.
100	3	Step 3	Brush the discs with the egg. Place 1 pear half in the centre of each disc.
100	4	Step 4	Combine the almonds and sugar in a bowl. Sprinkle evenly over the pastries. Bake in oven for 15 minutes or until the pastry is puffed and golden. Serve warm with a scoop of the honeycomb ice-cream.
101	1	Step 1	Make almond praline Line a baking tray with baking paper. Place sugar and 1 cup cold water in a saucepan over medium heat. Stir, without boiling, for 5 minutes or until sugar is dissolved. Bring to the boil. Boil, without stirring, for 15 to 17 minutes or until mixture turns golden. Working quickly, stir in nuts. Spread mixture onto prepared tray. Set aside for 15 minutes or until firm. Process until finely chopped. Reserve 1 tablespoon praline.
101	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 220°C/200°C fan-forced. Line 2 large baking trays with baking paper.
101	3	Step 3	Make basic choux pastry: Combine butter and 2/3 cup cold water in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until butter has melted and mixture just starts to boil.
101	4	Step 4	Reduce heat to low. Add flour. Cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes or until mixture comes away from side of pan and forms a ball. Set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly.
101	5	Step 5	Reserve 2 teaspoons egg. Using a wooden spoon, gradually beat in remaining egg until well combined and mixture forms a glossy dough (mixture should drop from the spoon).
101	6	Step 6	Spoon 10 level tablespoons dough, 6cm apart, onto prepared tray. Spoon 10 rounded teaspoons dough, 5cm apart, onto remaining tray. Brush with reserved egg.
101	7	Step 7	Bake tray of larger profiteroles for 10 minutes. Reduce heat to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until golden and puffed. Using a small knife, carefully cut a slit in the base of each profiterole. Return to oven, cut-side up. Bake for 5 minutes to dry out centres. Cool on tray.
101	8	Step 8	Increase temperature to 220°C/200°C fan-forced. Bake tray of small profiteroles for 5 minutes. Reduce heat to 180°C/160°C.
101	9	Step 9	Almond praline profiterole stack fan-forced. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes or until golden and puffed. Using a small knife, carefully cut a slit in the base of each profiterole. Return to oven. Bake for 5 minutes to dry out centres. Cool on tray.
101	10	Step 10	Using an electric mixer, beat cream, vanilla and icing sugar until firm peaks. Fold in praline. Spoon into a piping bag fitted with a 1cm plain nozzle. Pipe mixture into profiteroles.
101	11	Step 11	Spoon chocolate on top of large profiteroles. Top with small profiteroles to secure. Set aside for 10 minutes or until chocolate has set. Serve topped with reserved praline.
102	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper.
102	2	Step 2	Place the almonds in a food processor and finely grind.
102	3	Step 3	Beat the butter and sugar together in a bowl until pale and creamy. Add the ground almonds and vanilla essence and sift in the flour. Mix to form a smooth dough.
102	4	Step 4	Use your hands to roll the dough into balls the size of a walnut. Transfer to the lined tray and bake in the oven for 35 minutes.
102	5	Step 5	Remove from the oven and sift icing sugar evenly over the biscuits. Return to the oven for a further 2 minutes. Set aside on the tray to cool.
103	1	Step 1	Grease a 1.25L terrine or loaf pan and line with plastic wrap, leaving plenty overhanging the sides. Beat cream, mascarpone and amaretto in an electric mixer to soft peaks. Transfer to a bowl, cover and chill.
103	2	Step 2	Place eggs, extra yolks and sugar in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of gently simmering water. Whisk for 5-6 minutes until doubled in volume. Remove the bowl from the heat and continue to whisk until cool. Fold in half each of the almonds and fruits, then fold into the cream mixture. Pour into prepared mould and cover with excess plastic wrap. Freeze overnight until firm.
103	3	Step 3	When ready to serve, cut into slices and scatter with the remaining nuts and fruits.
104	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Spread almonds over a baking tray and bake, stirring once, for 5-7 minutes or until browned. Transfer to a plate and set aside for 10 minutes to cool.
104	2	Step 2	Use an electric beater to beat the butter and icing sugar in a medium bowl until pale and creamy. Add the brandy and beat until well combined. Sift the flour into a medium bowl. Add the almonds to the butter mixture and mix with a wooden spoon to combine. Add half the flour and mix with a wooden spoon until combined and almost comes together. Use your hands to mix until mixture forms a ball and then add enough remaining flour to form a soft, pliable dough that leaves the side of the bowl.
104	3	Step 3	Roll 2 teaspoons of mixture into a 6cm length, with slightly tapered ends. Bend to form a crescent shape. Repeat with remaining dough. Place on ungreased baking trays about 3cm apart. Press a clove into centre of each.
104	4	Step 4	Bake in preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes or until lightly browned, swapping trays halfway through cooking. Lightly brush hot shortbreads with rosewater and set aside for 10 minutes to cool.
104	5	Step 5	Sift some of the extra icing sugar onto a large sheet of greaseproof paper and sit the warm shortbreads on top. Sift more icing sugar over the top to completely cover the shortbreads. Gently turn to coat the shortbread completely in icing sugar. Sift any remaining icing sugar over the top. Cool shortbreads in the icing sugar for about 1 hour or until cold.
104	6	Step 6	To serve, place on serving plates and sift a little extra icing sugar over the top.
105	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Grease a 25cm x 30cm Swiss roll pan. Line with baking paper. Dust lightly with flour.
105	2	Step 2	Using an electric mixer, beat eggs and sugar together for 5 minutes or until thick and creamy. Using a large metal spoon, fold flour into egg mixture until just combined. Spread mixture over prepared pan. Smooth surface. Bake for 5 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean.
105	3	Step 3	Turn sponge onto a sheet of baking paper. Carefully peel away baking paper lining. Allow to cool. Mash strawberries roughly with a fork. Add icing sugar and stir to combine. Fold strawberry mixture into mascarpone. Spread mixture over sponge, leaving a 1cm border. Using baking paper as a guide, roll up sponge from short end to enclose filling.
105	4	Step 4	Place sponge, seam side down, on a plate. Top with almonds. Dust with icing sugar. Serve.
106	1	Step 1	Position a rack on the bottom of the oven and preheat the oven to 160C. To make the crust, in a large bowl, combine the flour, sugar and butter. Using your fingers, work the butter into the flour until the mixture resembles coarse breadcrumbs, with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Add the egg, and using a fork, mix until the dough comes together. (Alternatively, place the flour, sugar and butter in a food processor, and using the pulse button, process in short bursts for the same result. Add the egg and process in short bursts again until the dough comes together.) Gather the dough and shape into a rectangle. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or until the dough is firm.
106	2	Step 2	Generously brush a 35cm x 11cm rectangular tart pan with a removable base with softened butter. Roll the dough between two sheets of baking paper until it is 3mm thick. Trim the dough into a 42cm x 18cm rectangle. Freeze the dough for about 5 mins or until firm. Drape the dough over the buttered tart pan. Gently lift and coax the dough into the pan and press the dough into the bottom corners and sides of the pan. Trim the excess and freeze the tart for 10 mins or until firm.
106	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, to make vanilla-rhubarb jam, in a small saucepan, combine the rhubarb, sugar, vanilla and a pinch of sea salt flakes. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally, for 12 mins or until the jam has thickened and rhubarb has broken down. Stir in the lemon juice. Set aside to cool slightly. Pour jam into a shallow container, cover and refrigerate for 20 mins or until cooled.
106	4	Step 4	To make the almond filling, in a bowl, mix 1 cup of ground almonds and the cornflour. Set aside. In a medium bowl, using a handheld mixer, beat the butter and 2 1/2 tablespoons of caster sugar on medium speed for about 3 mins or until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, scraping down the side of the bowl after each addition, until blended. Add the almond mixture and mix until blended. Cover and chill for 20 mins or until slightly firm.
106	5	Step 5	Sprinkle 3 tablespoons of ground almonds over the bottom of the tart. Smooth the rhubarb jam over the ground almonds. Sprinkle the remaining ground almonds over the jam. Spoon the almond filling over the rhubarb jam and smooth with a small spatula. Sprinkle flaked almonds over the filling. Bake the tart on a large baking tray for 55 mins or until the tart shell is golden and the filling is firm to the touch. Set the tart on a wire rack to cool. Gently lift the tart from the tart pan and transfer to a serving platter.
106	6	Step 6	In a large bowl, toss the strawberries, lemon juice and remaining 2 tablespoons of caster sugar to coat. Set aside, stirring occasionally, for 30 mins or until the berries have released their juices. Dust the tart with icing sugar and spoon the macerated strawberries across the tart. Using a serrated knife, slice the tart and serve with the strawberries and a dollop of whipped crème fraîche or cream.
107	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 190°C. Lightly grease the outside of 2 dariole moulds with a little oil. Line a baking tray with baking paper.
107	2	Step 2	Combine eggwhites and caster sugar in a bowl. Add the flour and the cooled melted butter, and stir with a wooden spoon. Stir in nuts. Using 2 tablespoons of batter for each, spread two 12cm circles on the prepared tray. Bake the tuiles for 5 minutes or until lightly browned. Working quickly, lift the tuiles off the tray using a palette knife and press over the outside of the greased dariole moulds to form dish shapes, then allow to cool on the mould for 30 seconds until hardened. Repeat twice more with the remaining batter.
108	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Line 3 baking trays with baking paper.
108	2	Step 2	Make basic biscuit mix: Using an electric mixer, beat butter, sugar and vanilla until pale and creamy. Add egg. Beat until combined. Sift flour over butter mixture. Using a wooden spoon, stir to combine (see notes for baking instructions and tips).
108	3	Step 3	Roll biscuit dough out between 2 sheets of baking paper until 4mm thick. Using a small knife, cut dough into 6cm x 3cm rectangles. Place on prepared trays. Re-roll remaining dough and repeat. Sprinkle almonds over rectangles. Press to secure.
108	4	Step 4	Bake for 8 minutes or until light golden. Stand on trays for 5 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Drizzle with chocolate. Set aside for 5 minutes to set. Serve.
109	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Brush a baking tray with olive oil to lightly grease.
109	2	Step 2	Whisk together the eggs and sugar in a bowl until thick and pale. Add the flour, almonds, cherries, lemon rind, aniseed seeds and baking powder and stir until combined. Turn onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth.
109	3	Step 3	Shape dough into a log about 30cm long and place on the prepared tray. Use your hands to flatten slightly. Bake in oven for 30 minutes or until cooked through. Set aside for 1 hour to cool.
109	4	Step 4	Reduce oven temperature to 160°C. Brush 2 baking trays with olive oil to grease. Cut the log diagonally into 1cm-thick slices. Place, in a single layer, on the prepared trays. Bake, turning slices and swapping trays halfway through cooking, for 20 minutes or until golden. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.
110	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to moderate, 180C. Lightly grease 8 recesses of a mini loaf pan.
110	2	Step 2	Sift icing sugar and flour together into a large bowl. Blend in almond meal, 1/2 cup chocolate chips and the macadamia nuts.
110	3	Step 3	In a small bowl, lightly whisk egg whites with a fork until frothy. Add to dry ingredients and mix lightly.
110	4	Step 4	Blend in butter, stirring until combined. Divide mixture among prepared recesses. Sprinkle each with remaining chocolate chips.
110	5	Step 5	Bake for 15-20 minutes until golden and cooked when tested with a skewer. Cool in pan for 5 minutes before turning onto a wire rack to cool completely.
111	1	Step 1	Heat half the oil in a large saucepan over high heat. Add half the chicken and cook, turning occasionally, for 2-3 minutes or until golden brown. Transfer to a bowl. Repeat with remaining chicken.
111	2	Step 2	Heat remaining oil in the pan over medium heat. Add onion, ginger and chilli and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until onion softens. Add ground coriander, cumin and curry leaves and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add rice and chicken and stir to combine. Add chicken stock; bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and cook, covered, for 12 minutes or until liquid is absorbed and rice is tender. Remove from heat; sprinkle with peas. Cover and set aside for 10 minutes.
111	3	Step 3	Add the almonds to the rice and use a fork to fluff the rice and stir the peas and almonds through.
111	4	Step 4	Spoon among serving bowls. Top with coriander and mint. Serve immediately.
112	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200C. Stack 2 pastry sheets on top of one another, then cut in half widthwise. Line an oven tray with baking paper and place stacks 5cm apart on tray. Cut 4 x 1cm-wide strips from remaining pastry sheet and place strips over long sides of each pastry stack. Cut 4 x 1cm-wide strips widthwise and place over short sides of stacks, then trim to fit. Prick centres all over with a fork. Using a box grater, grate marzipan and scatter over the centre of each pastry stack. Bake for 15 minutes.
112	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, to make cherry glaze, drain syrup from cherries through a fine sieve into a saucepan. Pat cherries dry with paper towel. Add sugar to pan and simmer over medium heat for 10 minutes or until syrupy.
112	3	Step 3	Whisk extra 1 tablespoon sugar, sour cream, egg yolks and flour in a small bowl. Carefully place cherries evenly over each tart, then slowly pour cream mixture between cherries in the centre, allowing it to spread. Bake for a further 10 minutes or until set.
112	4	Step 4	Scatter tarts with almonds, then drizzle with cherry glaze. Serve with double cream.
113	1	Step 1	Heat a small frying pan over medium heat. Add the almonds and cook, stirring, for 2 mins or until lightly toasted.
113	2	Step 2	Cook the asparagus in a saucepan of boiling water for 1-2 mins or until bright green and tender crisp. Refresh under cold running water. Drain.
113	3	Step 3	Combine the asparagus, spinach mixture and rocket in a large bowl. Drizzle with the dressing and gently toss to combine. Sprinkle with the almonds to serve.
114	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Place the eggplant on a baking tray. Pierce all over with a skewer or fork. Cook in preheated oven for 35 minutes or until tender. Remove from oven and set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly. Peel and place in the bowl of a food processor.
114	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, to make broad bean salad, cook broad beans in a saucepan of salted boiling water following packet directions or until just tender. Drain, remove skins and place in a glass or ceramic bowl. Heat a small non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Add speck and cook, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes or until crispy. Add to broad beans along with the basil, oil, vinegar and salt. Gently toss to combine. Set aside.
114	3	Step 3	Place cumin in a small non-stick frying pan over medium heat and cook, stirring, for 30 seconds or until fragrant. Remove from heat. Add to eggplant with water, lemon juice, tahini and garlic. Process until smooth. Taste and season with salt.
114	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, place the fish on a baking tray and drizzle with oil. Cook in preheated oven for 8 minutes. Remove from oven and sprinkle with almonds. Cook for a further 3 minutes or until the fish is just cooked through and the almonds are toasted.
114	5	Step 5	Spoon eggplant puree among plates. Top with broad bean salad. Carefully place fish on top and serve immediately.
115	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220°C. Arrange potato over a 17 x 24cm (base measurement) baking tray. Top with leek and season with salt and pepper. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and sprinkle with parmesan. Bake on the top shelf of preheated oven for 20 minutes or until the potato is tender and golden.
115	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place almond meal and egg in separate bowls. Dip 1 piece of fish in the egg, then the almond meal, pressing firmly to coat. Repeat with remaining pieces of fish.
115	3	Step 3	Heat remaining oil in a non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook fish for 2 minutes each side or until cooked through.
115	4	Step 4	Divide almond-crusted fish and potato and leek among serving plates. Sprinkle with parsley and serve immediately.
116	1	Step 1	Place apricot conserve, sherry, almonds, cinnamon and 1/2 cup of water into a small saucepan and bring to boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 5 mins.
116	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 160C or 140C fan. Remove the rind and score the fat beneath.
116	3	Step 3	Transfer ham to a large baking pan. Glaze and bake for 1.5 hrs basting every 30 mins. (Cover with foil after 1 hr if it starts to colour too much.)
117	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Scatter the almonds over a baking tray. Bake in the oven for 6-8 minutes or until toasted. Set aside for 5 minutes to cool.
117	2	Step 2	Use a small sharp knife to cut a slit in each date. Remove stones. Insert an almond in each date cavity. Arrange on a serving platter to serve.
118	1	Step 1	Roughly break up noodles. Place noodles in a 3-cup-capacity glass jar with lid. Top with stock cube, onion, ginger, chilli and chicken. Place star anise and lime on top. Secure lid. Refrigerate. Place spinach, sprouts, coriander and basil in a snap-lock bag. Refrigerate.
118	2	Step 2	To assemble: Remove lime from jar and reserve. Pour 2 cups boiling water into jar. Stir until stock cube has dissolved. Secure lid. Stand for 3 minutes or until heated through. Discard star anise. Stir in spinach mixture. Squeeze lime over soup. Serve.
119	1	Step 1	Cook pasta following packet directions. Drain. Refresh under cold water. Drain well. Place pasta in a 3-cup-capacity glass jar with lid. Top with beans, frozen vegetable mixture, tomato, garlic, tomato paste and pesto. Secure lid. Refrigerate. Place basil in  a small snap-lock bag. Refrigerate.
119	2	Step 2	To assemble: Pour 1 cup boiling water into jar. Stir until tomato paste has dissolved. Secure lid. Stand for 3 minutes or until heated through. Stir in basil. Serve.
120	1	Step 1	Layer noodles, broccoli, carrot, snow peas, tofu, green onion, miso paste and ginger in a 3-cup-capacity glass jar with lid. Secure lid. Refrigerate.
120	2	Step 2	To serve: Pour 1 1/2 cups boiling water into jar. Stir until miso paste has dissolved. Secure lid. Stand for 2 minutes or until vegetables have softened. Serve.
121	1	Step 1	In a small saucepan, combine the vinegar, water, sugar and salt, and bring to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring until the sugar and salt dissolve.
121	2	Step 2	In a medium glass or ceramic bowl, combine cucumber, onion and ginger. Pour the vinegar mixture over. Gently press to help submerge. As the mixture cools, the vegetables will become completely submerged. Refrigerate, uncovered, for at least 1 hour or until completely cooled.
121	3	Step 3	To make the burgers, preheat the barbecue on medium-high. In a medium bowl, whisk the brown sugar, soy sauce, spring onions, ginger, garlic, sesame oil and chilli flakes.
121	4	Step 4	In a large bowl, gently mix pork with 3 tablespoons of the soy sauce mixture. Using a Curtis Stone Burger Press, form the pork mixture into four patties. Flatten slightly.
121	5	Step 5	Cook the burgers on the barbecue for 3-4 minutes or until grill marks form. Turn burgers over, brush with some of the soy sauce mixture and continue cooking for 3-4 minutes or until burgers are cooked through, but still juicy.
121	6	Step 6	Meanwhile, lightly oil cut sides of the buns and cook the buns, cut side down, for 2 minutes or until toasted and grill marks form.
121	7	Step 7	In a small bowl, mix the hot chilli sauce and mayonnaise. Season to taste with salt.
121	8	Step 8	Spread chilli mayonnaise over the bun bottoms. Top with the burgers, then brush over more soy sauce mixture. Remove the pickle mixture from the liquid and serve over the burgers. Top with the coriander, and cover with bun tops to serve.
122	1	Step 1	Halve 1 wholemeal bread roll. Spread base with butter. Top with 2 tablespoons grated cheddar; baby cos lettuce leaves; 2 short-cut bacon rashers, cooked; and 1 slice canned pineapple. Top with remaining roll.
123	1	Step 1	Sift the flour, baking powder and sugar into a large bowl and make a well in the centre.
123	2	Step 2	Whisk together the milk and egg in a jug. Pour into the flour mixture and whisk until a smooth batter forms. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside for 30 minutes to rest.
123	3	Step 3	Heat a large non-stick frying pan over low heat. Lightly spray with olive oil spray to grease. Spoon half the batter into a small plastic bag. Cut 1 corner off bag and pipe four 8cm letters into pan. Cook for 2 minutes or until bubbles appear on the surface. Turn and cook for a further 1 minute or until golden. Transfer to a wire rack. Repeat, in 8 more batches, with remaining batter, reheating pan between batches. Serve with jam.
124	1	Step 1	Lay ham on a tray. Cook under a hot grill for 1 minute each side or until crisp. Break into pieces. Whisk oil with juice and honey. Season, then toss dressing with leaves, onion, nuts, cheese and ham.
125	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C or 160°C fan forced. Line a large baking tray with non stick baking paper. Place the quinoa and amaranth in a medium saucepan with 400ml water, bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer for 12-15 minutes or until water is absorbed and grains are al dente. Remove from heat, set aside to cool.
125	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat a large frying pan over a medium heat, spray with oil. Cook the onion and zucchini, stirring, for 5 minutes or until softened. Add the garlic and cumin, cook for 1 minute more. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.
125	3	Step 3	Place onion mixture, grains, currants, sunflower seeds, parsley, tomato and ricotta in a large bowl. Stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
125	4	Step 4	Stuff the capsicums with the quinoa mixture and place on the prepared tray, cover tray with foil. Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes. Remove foil, bake for a further 15-20 minutes, or until vegetables are tender and stuffing is golden.
126	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C or 160°C fan forced. Place amaranth, oats, coconut, almonds, flour and sugar in a large bowl, stir to combine.
126	2	Step 2	Place butter, honey and 1 tablespoon water in a medium size saucepan. Heat over a medium heat, stirring, to dissolve the butter. Add bicarb of soda (mixture will bubble vigorously) and remove from heat. Add to dry ingredients, stir until well combined.
126	3	Step 3	With lightly wet hands, shape tablespoons of the mixture into balls and place 3cm apart on prepared tray. Flatten slightly with your fingertips, (the biscuits spread a little)
126	4	Step 4	Bake for 12 minutes, or until a deep golden brown. Remove and set aside to cool completely on the tray. Store in an airtight container.
127	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Place almonds on a baking tray and bake for 10 minutes until golden brown, turning after 5 minutes. Set aside to cool. Reduce oven temperature to 160°C.
127	2	Step 2	Place almonds and half the caster sugar in a food processor and process until fine crumbs. Beat eggwhites and cream of tartar in a bowl until stiff peaks form. Gradually add remaining caster sugar until combined and glossy, then beat in almond essence. Combine almond mixture and icing sugar in a bowl. Fold into eggwhites until just combined.
127	3	Step 3	Grease and line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Spoon mixture into a piping bag (use a 1cm nozzle) and pipe rounds, about 3cm in diameter, on tray (or place spoonfuls of mixture on tray).
127	4	Step 4	Top each biscuit with a flaked almond, then bake for 15 minutes until crisp. Cool completely. Serve with espresso.
128	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Line two baking trays with non-stick baking paper. Place almond meal, sugar, egg whites and vanilla essence in a large bowl. Beat with a wooden spoon until well combined.
128	2	Step 2	Roll 2 teaspoonfuls of the mixture into balls. Place on the trays. Press a blanched almond into the top of half of the biscuits and a glace cherry into the remaining balls.
128	3	Step 3	Bake for 15-18 minutes or until light golden. Set aside to cool slightly on the trays before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely.
129	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 170°C. Grease a 6-hole (3/4 capacity) Texas muffin tin, then line bases with baking paper. Process amaretti in a food processor until fine crumbs form. Add 40g melted butter and process until larger clumps form. Press crumb mixture firmly into bases of prepared muffin holes. Refrigerate while making filling.
129	2	Step 2	For the filling: whisk together all the ingredients in a bowl, then set aside.
129	3	Step 3	Using an electric mixer, beat remaining 100g softened butter, 75g sugar, vanilla and lemon rind in a bowl until light and fluffy. Add eggs and beat until incorporated, then add flour and beat until combined. Pour mixture over crumbs in muffin tin, then spread halfway up side of holes. Spoon filling into centres - don't worry about being too precise. Bake in oven for 20 minutes or until lightly browned. Set aside in tin to cool completely (cheesecake will sink slightly on standing).
129	4	Step 4	Combine remaining 110g sugar and morello syrup in a small saucepan. Simmer over medium heat until reduced to about 3/4 cup and slightly syrupy. Set aside to cool completely. Top cheesecakes with cherries and strawberries, then drizzle with syrup to serve.
130	1	Step 1	Use a balloon whisk or an electric beater to beat the cream in a bowl until soft peaks form.
130	2	Step 2	Divide the amaretto and cognac between serving glasses. Fill three-quarters of each glass with coffee.
130	3	Step 3	Top with the cream and drizzle over the caramel sauce. Serve immediately.
131	1	Step 1	To make the white chocolate risotto, bring the milk, cinnamon and nutmeg just to the boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to low and hold at a gentle simmer.
131	2	Step 2	Heat the butter in a medium heavy-based saucepan over medium heat until foaming. Add the rice and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until the grains appear slightly glassy.
131	3	Step 3	Reduce heat to medium-low. Add a ladleful (about 125ml/1/2 cup) of the simmering milk mixture to the rice and stir constantly with a wooden spoon until the liquid is absorbed. Continue to add the milk mixture, a ladleful at a time, stirring constantly and allowing the liquid to be absorbed before adding the next ladleful, for 35 minutes or until the rice is tender yet firm to the bite and the risotto is creamy.
131	4	Step 4	Add chocolate and sugar and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until chocolate melts and the mixture is well combined.
131	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, melt butter in a non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Stir in the sugar. Add apple and half the Amaretto. Cook, turning once, for 5 minutes or until tender. Stir in the remaining Amaretto.
131	6	Step 6	Divide the risotto among serving bowls. Top with the apple slices and drizzle over the sauce to serve.
132	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 150°C. Place six 185ml (3/4-cup) capacity ovenproof ramekins in a large roasting pan.
132	2	Step 2	Place the cream and vanilla bean in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until mixture comes to a simmer (do not boil). Strain through a sieve into a heatproof jug. Use a small knife to scrape vanilla seeds from the bean into cream. Discard bean.
132	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, use a balloon whisk to whisk together the egg yolks, caster sugar and amaretto in a bowl until well combined.
132	4	Step 4	Whisk the hot cream mixture into the egg-yolk mixture. Pour evenly among ramekins. Pour enough boiling water into the pan to reach halfway up the sides of the ramekins.
132	5	Step 5	Cook in oven for 30 minutes or until just set. Remove ramekins from roasting pan and set aside for 2 hours to cool. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 6 hours to set.
132	6	Step 6	Preheat grill on high. Sprinkle brulees with brown sugar. Cook under preheated grill, about 6cm from heat source, for 2-3 minutes or until sugar bubbles and caramelises. Serve immediately.
133	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 160°C. Lightly grease a 23cm springform pan. Cover the outer base and sides of the pan with a double layer of foil. Combine the biscuit crumbs, cocoa and butter, then spread the mixture over the base and 2cm up the sides of the prepared pan.
133	2	Step 2	Process the egg yolks, vanilla and sugar in a food processor. Add the ricotta, sour cream, amaretto and flour, and process until smooth. Place the mixture in a mixing bowl and fold through the whipped cream. Beat the eggwhites until soft peaks form, then fold into mixture, making sure it's well combined. Finally, fold in half the chocolate. Place in prepared pan, then sit in a deep baking dish. Pour boiling water into baking dish so it comes halfway up sides of pan. Bake for 1 hour, turn the oven off and leave to cool completely, then refrigerate for a minimum of 1 hour.
133	3	Step 3	To serve, place the remaining chocolate in a bowl over a pan of simmering water (making sure the bowl doesn't touch water) and stir until chocolate melts. Cool slightly, then serve slices of cheesecake drizzled with the melted chocolate.
134	1	Step 1	Line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Place the sugar in a small frying pan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until sugar dissolves and caramelises. Remove from heat. Add the almonds and stir until well combined. Pour onto prepared tray and set aside for 10 minutes to cool.
134	2	Step 2	Meanwhile: to make the amaretto cream, place the mascarpone, amaretto and icing sugar mixture in a bowl and stir until well combined.
134	3	Step 3	Break up the almond toffee. Place in the bowl of a food processor and process until coarsely chopped.
134	4	Step 4	Transfer the amaretto cream to a serving bowl and sprinkle with praline. Serve with strawberries, pear slices and dates, if desired.
135	1	Step 1	Place the cream, milk and vanilla pod in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Remove from heat and set aside for 20 minutes to infuse. Remove the vanilla pod and use a small sharp knife to scrape seeds into the cream mixture. Discard pod.
135	2	Step 2	Whisk egg yolks and sugar together in a bowl until thick and pale.  Gradually stir the cream mixture into the egg mixture.
135	3	Step 3	Pour into a clean saucepan and place over low heat. Cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, for 5 minutes or until the custard coats the back of the spoon. Remove from heat. Set aside for 5 minutes to cool. Stir in the amaretto.
135	4	Step 4	Place in a metal container. Cover with foil and place in the freezer for 6 hours or until almost set.
135	5	Step 5	Break up the ice-cream with a metal spoon. Transfer to a bowl and beat with an electric beater until smooth. Return to the metal container. Cover with foil and freeze for a further 4 hours or until firm. Serve with dessert.
136	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Grease and line the base and sides of two 10 x 20cm loaf pans with baking paper, allowing the long sides to overhang.
136	2	Step 2	Use an electric mixer to whisk the eggs and sugar in a bowl until thick and pale. Add the oil and liqueur and whisk until just combined. Add the flour and almond meal and use a metal spoon to gently fold until just combined. Pour into prepared pans. Sprinkle the flaked almonds over the top. Bake for 40 minutes or until a skewer inserted in the centre comes out clean.
136	3	Step 3	Remove from oven and set aside in the pan to cool. Serve with thick cream and berries, if desired.
137	1	Step 1	Combine vanilla seeds, mascarpone and 1 tablespoon amaretto in a bowl. Cover and chill while you prepare the oranges.
137	2	Step 2	Trim the ends off the oranges, then using a peeler, carefully pare orange rind, being sure not to remove any of the white pith with the rind. Stack little piles of the pared rind strips on top of one another (about 4 at a time) and using a sharp knife, cut lengthways into very thin strips. Set aside.
137	3	Step 3	Using a sharp knife, remove and discard the white pith from the oranges. Slice each orange across into 1cm-thick rounds, then stack the slices to reform their original shape and place on a large serving platter.
137	4	Step 4	Bring a small saucepan of water to the boil. Add rind and simmer for 1 minute, drain, then repeat process to remove the bitterness. Set rind aside. Place the sugar and 1/2 cup (125ml) water in a saucepan over low heat. Stir to dissolve the sugar, then increase the heat to medium-high and simmer for 5 minutes or until slightly syrupy. Add the blanched orange zest and cook for 3 minutes, then add the 1/2 cup (125ml) amaretto. Cool completely.
137	5	Step 5	To serve, remove the candied rind from the syrup and pile on top of the oranges. Pour over the syrup and serve with the vanilla mascarpone.
138	1	Step 1	Use the cake slices to line the base of a 28cm springform cake pan. You will need to cut some slices to fit, to ensure the base is completely covered. Brush cake with 1-2 tablespoons of amaretto.
138	2	Step 2	Beat egg yolks and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer until pale and thick.
138	3	Step 3	Beat in remaining amaretto. In a separate bowl, lightly whip cream until soft peaks form and fold into egg yolk mixture. Pour into cake pan and freeze overnight.
138	4	Step 4	Remove from freezer 10 minutes before serving. Release from pan, slice using a knife dipped in hot water and serve with cherries or seasonal fruit.
139	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 170°C. Lightly grease a 36cm x 12cm loose-bottomed tart pan.
139	2	Step 2	Combine the biscuits with butter and press into the base and sides of the pan. Bake for 5 minutes or until golden. Cool.
139	3	Step 3	Combine the milk and marshmallows in a pan over a low heat and stir until the marshmallows have melted. Add the coffee and liqueur and stir until smooth and combined. Cool completely.
139	4	Step 4	Whisk the cream until stiff peaks form and fold into the marshmallow mixture. Pour into the tart shell and chill for 2 hours or until set.
139	5	Step 5	To serve the tart, scatter with the toasted almonds and drizzle liberally with the melted chocolate.
140	1	Step 1	Melt 20g of the butter in a large frying pan over medium heat. Stir in the apple. Add the sugar, amaretto, lemon juice and rind, and cinnamon. Cover and cook for 2 minutes. Uncover and cook for 4 minutes or until apple starts to soften. Transfer to a colander. Cool for 20-30 minutes.
140	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 180°C. Melt remaining butter. Cool slightly. Lightly brush a baking tray with butter. Transfer the drained apple mixture to a bowl. Stir in 2 tablespoons almond meal.
140	3	Step 3	Brush 1 filo sheet with melted butter. Sprinkle with 2 teaspoons almond meal. Top with another filo sheet. Brush with melted butter. Sprinkle with 2 teaspoons almond meal. Repeat with melted butter, remaining filo sheets and almond meal. Place apple mixture along 1 long side, leaving a 6cm-wide border at each end. Fold in the ends. Roll up firmly to enclose. Place, seam-side down, on prepared tray. Brush with the remaining butter.
140	4	Step 4	Bake for 25-30 minutes or until golden. Dust with icing sugar and serve with cream.
141	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add onion, prosciutto, chilli flakes and garlic. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until onion has softened.
141	2	Step 2	Add tomato paste. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add tomato. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 10 to 15 minutes or until sauce has thickened slightly. Add parsley. Stir to combine.
141	3	Step 3	Serve with rigatoni, topped with chilli.
142	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160C. Grease a 20cm round cake pan with butter. Line base and side with baking paper.
142	2	Step 2	Place the brown sugar, milk and butter in a microwave-safe bowl. Cook in microwave on high, stirring every minute, for 4-5 minutes or until the butter melts and the mixture is smooth.
142	3	Step 3	Use a balloon whisk to whisk the combined flour and cocoa powder into the butter mixture. Whisk in the egg. Pour into the prepared pan. Bake for 55 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Set aside in the pan for 5 minutes to cool before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely.
142	4	Step 4	To make the ganache, place the chocolate, cream and butter in a microwave-safe bowl. Cook in microwave on high, stirring every minute, for 2-3 minutes or until the chocolate melts and the mixture is smooth.
142	5	Step 5	Use an electric beater to beat the extra butter in a bowl until pale and creamy. Beat in the icing sugar, malted milk powder and extra milk until fluffy. Beat in 1 1/2 tablespoons ganache.
142	6	Step 6	Set the remaining ganache aside for 1 hour 30 minutes or until thick, glossy and spreadable.
142	7	Step 7	Meanwhile, use a large serrated knife to cut the cake horizontally into four layers. Place the cake base on a platter. Spread with one-third of the icing. Continue layering with the remaining cake and icing, finishing with cake. Cover and place in the fridge for 1 hour 30 minutes to chill.
142	8	Step 8	Spread the ganache evenly over the top and side of the cake. Decorate with Maltesers.
143	1	Step 1	Sift the flour and baking powder into a medium mixing bowl. Stir in the sugar. Combine the eggs, butter, milk and vanilla in a jug. Make a well in the centre of the dry ingredients. Pour in the milk mixture and use a whisk to mix to a smooth batter. Cover with plastic wrap. Stand 10 minutes.
143	2	Step 2	Heat a medium non-stick frypan over medium to low heat. Lightly oil with cooking spray. Pour 1/4 cup of the batter into the pan and cook for 2 minutes or until small bubbles appear on the surface. Turn over and cook for 1 minute or until golden and cooked through. Remove from pan and keep warm. Repeat with remaining mixture.
143	3	Step 3	Serve hotcakes with extra butter and maple syrup.
144	1	Step 1	Combine mince, onion, garlic, sauces, parsley, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Using clean hands, shape mixture into four 2cm-thick rissoles. Place on a plate.
144	2	Step 2	Cook rissoles, in a large frying pan sprayed with oil, over medium-high heat, for 3 to 5 minutes each side or until almost cooked through. Top each rissole with a slice of cheese. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes or until cheese starts to melt.
144	3	Step 3	Serve rissoles in buns with tomato, lettuce, gherkins and chutney.
145	1	Step 1	Process the garlic, onion, tomato sauce, tomato paste, honey, mustard, paprika, cumin and oil in a food processor until a coarse paste forms. Season. Pour into a ceramic dish. Add ribs and turn to coat. Place in fridge for 1 hour to marinate.
145	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 200C. Line a baking tray with foil and baking paper. Place ribs on tray and pour over the marinade and water. Roast, turning once, for 1 hour or until the ribs are cooked through.
145	3	Step 3	Preheat grill on medium. Place ribs on a wire rack over a large baking tray. Cook under grill for 3 minutes each side or until dark golden and sticky.
146	1	Step 1	Place mince, onion and garlic in a large bowl. Season with pepper. Add Worcestershire sauce and 1 tablespoon mustard to remaining mince mixture. Mix to combine. Shape into four 1.5cm-thick patties.
146	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a large, non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Cook patties for 5 minutes each side or until cooked through. Top each patty with 1 cheese slice. Place patties on roll bases. Top with remaining mustard, tomato sauce and cucumber. Sandwich with roll tops.
146	3	Step 3	Make Salad slaw: Place lettuce, carrot, red onion and tomato in a bowl. Combine mayonnaise and dressing in a bowl. Drizzle over salad. Toss. Serve burgers with salad.
147	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 150°C/130°C fan-forced. Line a baking tray with baking paper.
147	2	Step 2	Place mince, breadcrumbs, worcestershire sauce and half the tomato sauce in a bowl. Season with pepper. Mix to combine. Shape into four 1.5cm-thick patties.
147	3	Step 3	Heat oil in a large, non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Cook patties for 5 minutes each side or until cooked through. Transfer to prepared baking tray. Top each with 1 cheese slice. Bake for 5 minutes or until cheese has melted.
147	4	Step 4	Place lettuce on roll bases. Top with patties, mustard, gherkins, onion, remaining tomato sauce and roll tops. Serve.
148	1	Step 1	Combine corn syrup, Worcestershire sauce, mustard powder, dark brown sugar, beer, treacle and Tabasco. Mix well.
148	2	Step 2	Cut pork ribs into pieces, 3-4 bones per piece. Place ribs in a large plastic container and pour over the syrup mixture, making sure the ribs are well coated. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours or overnight.
148	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to moderate 180°C. Transfer ribs to a baking dish and drain marinade into a separate small pan. Gently simmer the marinade for 5-10 minutes. Bake ribs for 1 hour 45 minutes until sticky, basting often during cooking. Serve with potato wedges and extra sauce.
149	1	Step 1	Combine tomato sauce, honey, soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, mustard and salt and pepper in a ceramic dish. Add ribs and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.
149	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 200°C. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Place ribs on tray. Roast for 1 hour, turning ribs over once, or until cooked through.
149	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, place a wire rack over an oven tray lined with paper towel. Pour oil into a large saucepan until one-third full. Heat over medium-high heat until hot. Cook potato slices, 5 or 6 at a time, for 2 to 3 minutes or until golden. Drain on wire rack.
149	4	Step 4	Serve ribs with potato crisps and spinach.
150	1	Step 1	Combine passata, tomato paste, garlic and parsley in a jug.
150	2	Step 2	Cut wing tips from wings and discard. Cut each wing in half at joint. Place in a shallow glass or ceramic dish. Pour over tomato mixture. Turn to coat. Cover, refrigerate overnight, if time permits.
150	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan-forced. Line a large baking tray with baking paper. Combine cornflake crumbs, seasoning and lemon rind in a bowl. Coat wings all over in crumb mixture. Place on prepared tray.
150	4	Step 4	Spray with oil. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes, without turning, or until chicken is golden and cooked though.
150	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, make Coleslaw: Place cabbage, carrot and onion in a bowl. Drizzle with dressing. Toss gently to combine. Serve chicken with coleslaw.
151	1	Step 1	Combine the campari and vermouth in a serving tumbler. Top with soda water. Add lemon and orange. serve with ice.
152	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200C. For anchoiade, place capsicums, onion and garlic in a roasting pan, season, drizzle with oil and roast for 35 minutes or until tender. Cool slightly, then peel capsicums and garlic. Transfer vegetables and juices to a food processor, add remaining ingredients and process to a slightly coarse paste.
152	2	Step 2	Cook potatoes in a large pan of water over medium heat until tender. Remove with a slotted spoon. Add beans to same pan and cook until tender. Drain. Slice potatoes thickly and combine in a bowl with beans, olives, parsley, zest and oil. Season.
152	3	Step 3	Brush fish lightly on both sides with a little extra oil. Season. Heat a heavy-based frying pan or chargrill over high heat and cook fish for 3 minutes each side or until just tender. Serve on a bed of vegetables, topped with spoonfuls of anchoiade.
153	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C and line 2 baking trays with baking paper. coat capsicum in oil and place on a lined tray. bake for 25 minutes, turning occasionally, until soft. Place in a plastic bag and cool.
153	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place bread on a tray, top with another sheet of baking paper, then weigh down with another tray. Bake for 15 minutes until crisp and light golden. Cool.
153	3	Step 3	Once the capsicum is cool, peel, then cut into 6 neat strips slightly larger than the anchovies. Pat dry with paper towel. Top each strip with an anchovy fillet, and roll up tightly. Line the base of the anchovy tin or small platter with lemon slices, and arrange the capsicum rolls on top. Top with a caper and serve on ciabatta toasts.
154	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220C/200C fan-forced. Line a large baking tray with baking paper.
154	2	Step 2	Place anchovies, cream cheese, lemon rind, tarragon, parmesan and chives in a food processor. Process until smooth.
154	3	Step 3	Spread 1/2 the cheese mixture over pastry sheet. Cut pastry sheet in half. Cut each half into 4, making 8 small rectangles. Top each rectangle with 1 asparagus spear. Roll up to enclose. Place, seam-side down, on tray. Repeat with remaining pastry, cheese mixture and asparagus. Brush with egg.
154	4	Step 4	Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden. Serve.
155	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Stir the butter, garlic, anchovy and parsley in a small bowl until well combined. Season with salt and pepper.
155	2	Step 2	Cut each piece of bread into 2cm-thick slices, without cutting all the way through. Spread the butter mixture over the cut sides of bread. Wrap each piece of bread in foil.
155	3	Step 3	Place the bread on a baking tray. Bake for 25-30 minutes or until crisp and golden.
156	1	Step 1	Cook pasta in a pan of boiling salted water according to packet instructions until al dente. Drain, reserving 1/4 cup (60ml) cooking liquid.
156	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat oil in a deep frypan over medium heat. Add the broccolini and cook, tossing, for 2-3 minutes until slightly tender. Add garlic, chilli and anchovy, and cook for 2-3 minutes for flavours to infuse.
156	3	Step 3	Add pasta and reserved cooking liquid to broccolini mixture, stir through lemon zest and juice, then divide among bowls. Serve with parmesan.
157	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160C. Combine cream, milk, sugar, cinnamon and vanilla pod and seeds in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat. Set aside for 15 minutes to infuse.
157	2	Step 2	Grease a 2L (8-cup) ovenproof dish. Remove cinnamon and vanilla pod from milk mixture. Whisk in eggs and extra yolks, then stir through rice. Pour mixture into dish and place in a deep roasting pan. Pour in enough boiling water to come halfway up the sides. Bake for 15 minutes, then remove from oven and stir. Return to oven, bake for 15 minutes, then remove and stir again. Bake for 30 minutes or until rice is cooked, then increase oven to 220C. Cook for a further 10 minutes or until golden. Remove from oven and set aside in waterbath for 15 minutes to rest.
157	3	Step 3	Combine all rhubarb ingredients in an ovenproof dish. Bake for 15 minutes or until tender. Serve pudding topped with rhubarb, rhubarb juices and pistachi
158	1	Step 1	Cook the farro in a saucepan of simmering, salted water for 45 minutes or until tender. Drain, then set aside to cool.
158	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place the cracked wheat and 1 cup (250ml) boiling water in a heatproof bowl. Stand for 30 minutes until tender. Drain.
158	3	Step 3	Whisk together oil, grapefruit juice, honey, mustard and vinegar, then season. Add farro, cracked wheat, herbs, rocket and spices, and toss to combine. Add grapefruit, avocado, sunflower seeds, onion and nuts. Scatter with nigella seeds, if using, and serve.
159	1	Step 1	Remove crusts from bread and cut into 9 slices. Cut 6 slices into small cubes and reserve. Soak remaining 3 slices in a bowl of water for 10 minutes, then squeeze out excess water and set aside.
159	2	Step 2	Cut a cross in the base of each tomato, then blanch, in batches, in a pan of boiling water for 10 seconds. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl of iced water, cool, then peel. Halve tomatoes, scoop seeds into a bowl and place halves in a separate bowl, then strain seeds and juices over tomatoes, discarding solids.
159	3	Step 3	Roughly chop half of one of the cucumbers, half a capsicum and half an onion and add to tomatoes. Process soaked bread and garlic in a food processor until a paste forms. Add tomatoes and roughly chopped vegetables and process until smooth. With motor running, gradually add 100ml oil, then add vinegar, lemon juice and cumin. Season with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper. Refrigerate soup for 1 hour to chill or overnight until ready to serve.
159	4	Step 4	To serve, finely chop celery stalks with leaves, remaining cucumbers, capsicum and onion, keeping ingredients separate. Heat a small frying pan over medium heat, add almonds and cook, tossing until golden, then remove from pan. Wipe pan clean. Heat remaining oil over medium heat, add bread cubes and cook, tossing until golden.
159	5	Step 5	Serve chilled gazpacho drizzled with extra oil, and with vegetable accompaniments, croutons and almonds passed separately.
160	1	Step 1	For the sugared rose petals, line a tray with baking paper. Carefully peel off rose petals, selecting medium, nicely-shaped petals. Lightly whisk egg white until slightly foamy. Brush petals lightly with egg white. Sprinkle with sugar and shake off excess. Place on prepared tray and set aside for 2-3 hours to dry.
160	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan forced. Use electric beaters to beat egg whites in a clean, dry bowl until soft peaks form. Beat in the cream of tartar until just combined. Gradually add 155g (3 ⁄4 cup) of the sugar, in 4 batches, beating well after each addition until sugar dissolves. Sift flour and remaining sugar together 3 times. Gently fold flour mixture and a little food colouring into egg white mixture. Spread mixture into a 21cm (base measurement) ungreased angel food cake pan (see Notes). Smooth the surface and wipe side of pan clean. Bake for 20-25 minutes or until mixture springs back slightly when touched.
160	3	Step 3	Immediately invert the pan onto a wire rack (see Notes). Allow the cake to cool completely in pan. Once cool, gently run a palette knife around both sides of the pan to loosen cake. Gently ease the cake out of the pan. Place upside down on serving plate.
160	4	Step 4	Combine the icing sugar, water and rosewater in a heatproof bowl. Place bowl over a pan of simmering water (don’t let the bowl touch the water). Cook, stirring, until smooth and mixture is the consistency of pouring cream. Tint pale pink with food colouring. Drizzle icing over top of cake, allowing icing to drip down the side. Set aside to set. Decorate with sugared rose petals.
161	1	Step 1	Place a large saucepan of salted water on to boil.
161	2	Step 2	Pour the olive oil into a large, heavy frypan. Add the garlic, chilli and tomato, then cook over a medium heat for 1 minute.
161	3	Step 3	Increase the heat, add the cream and bring to the boil. Add the crab meat, tossing it so it cooks evenly. Cook for a further 1 minute. Meanwhile, cook the angel hair pasta, drain, and place in saucepan with crab mixture. Sprinkle with basil, season with sea salt and cracked black pepper, toss and serve immediately.
162	1	Step 1	If making fresh pasta: Place flour in a mound on a work surface. Make a large well in the centre, then break eggs into it. Using a fork, gently beat eggs, while, with your other hand, secure the walls of the well. Continue stirring with the fork, drawing in flour until mixture is very thick, then, using your hands, work in remaining flour.
162	2	Step 2	Once flour is incorporated, knead the dough (it should be firm and not sticky) for 5 minutes or until smooth. Wrap in plastic wrap and set aside for 30 minutes.
162	3	Step 3	Divide dough into 6 pieces. Flatten 1 piece with your hand until 3mm thick. Dust lightly with flour. For machine-rolled pasta (for hand-rolled method, see tip), set your pasta machine to its widest setting, then feed the dough through 4-5 times, folding it in half each time and turning it 90 degrees until it is smooth and the width of the machine. Repeat feeding the dough through, without folding, narrowing the settings on your machine, 1 notch at a time (the highest number being the thinnest setting), until you reach the second last setting, then place pasta sheet on a semolina-dusted work surface. Repeat with remaining dough. For ravioli, once you have rolled out 2 pasta sheets, fill immediately, so dough remains pliable.
162	4	Step 4	For machine-cut pasta, drape pasta lengths over a clean broom handle, railing or opened cupboard door for 10 minutes or until slightly dry. Feed dough lengths, 1 at a time, through cutting attachment on your pasta machine, then scatter lightly with semolina and place on a tray.
162	5	Step 5	To make pasta sauce: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add breadcrumbs and cook, stirring continuously, for 2 minutes or until golden, then remove from pan. Wipe pan clean.
162	6	Step 6	Heat remaining oil, garlic and chillies in cleaned pan over low heat for 2 minutes or until oil is hot and garlic is light golden. Add 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, lemon rind and juice and stir to combine. Remove from heat. Add fresh pasta to a large saucepan of salted boiling water and cook for 20-30 seconds or until it just floats (for dried pasta, cook following packet directions).
162	7	Step 7	Drain, then add immediately to hot oil mixture with the breadcrumbs. Toss well to combine. Serve.
163	1	Step 1	Cook pasta in a large saucepan of boiling salted water for 8 minutes or until al dente. Drain, reserving 60ml (1/4 cup) cooking water. Transfer pasta to a large heatproof bowl.
163	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place oil, butter and garlic in a small saucepan. Cook, stirring, over high heat for 2 minutes or until garlic starts to colour. Remove from heat and cool for 10 minutes.
163	3	Step 3	Pour oil mixture over pasta. Add parmesan, chillies, lemon zest and juice, basil, rocket and reserved cooking water. Season with salt and pepper, then toss well to combine.
163	4	Step 4	Divide pasta among bowls and serve with baguette, if using.
164	1	Step 1	Cook the pasta according to packet instructions. Drain and return to the pan.
164	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, combine the prawns, asparagus and garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large nonstick frying pan over a medium-high heat. Add the prawn mixture and cook, for 1-2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and set aside.
164	3	Step 3	Add the anchovies to the frying pan and cook, stirring for 30 seconds. Add the white wine and simmer until reduced by half. Stir in the tomatoes and chilli and simmer for 3-4 minutes. Return the prawns to the pan and cook for a further 2 minutes.
164	4	Step 4	Toss the tomato mixture and basil through the pasta. Top with parmesan and serve immediately.
165	1	Step 1	Cook the pasta in a large saucepan of salted boiling water following packet directions or until al dente. Drain, reserving 1/3 cup of the cooking liquid. Return the pasta and reserved cooking liquid to the pan.
165	2	Step 2	Spoon cream cheese over the pasta. Add sour cream and lemon zest and juice. Toss to coat.
165	3	Step 3	Divide among plates and top with the smoked salmon, dill and capers. Season with pepper.
166	1	Step 1	Cook pasta in a large saucepan of salted boiling water until al dente. Drain and return to the pan.
166	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, bring a medium saucepan of water to the boil over medium-high heat. Add the vinegar. Reduce heat to medium-low. Crack 1 egg into a small bowl. Use a large spoon to stir the water to make a whirlpool. Carefully pour the egg into the centre of the whirlpool and poach for 4 minutes for a soft yolk or until cooked to your liking. Use a slotted spoon to transfer to a plate. Cover with foil to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining eggs.
166	3	Step 3	Whisk the oil, lemon juice and lemon rind in a jug until combined. Season with salt and pepper.
166	4	Step 4	Add oil mixture, salmon and rocket to the pasta. Toss to combine. Divide among serving plates. Top with eggs and parmesan. Season with pepper.
167	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a frying pan over low heat. Add the leek and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until soft. Add the asparagus and peas, and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until asparagus is bright green and tender crisp. Stir in the cream, lemon juice and salmon. Cook for 1 minute or until the salmon is heated through. Season with salt and pepper.
167	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cook the pasta in a large saucepan of salted boiling water following packet directions or until al dente. Drain, reserving 80ml (1/3 cup) of the cooking liquid.
167	3	Step 3	Add the pasta, reserved cooking liquid and mint to the salmon mixture and stir until well combined.
168	1	Step 1	Whisk together the lemon juice, oil, chilli and garlic in a small bowl.
168	2	Step 2	Cook the pasta in a large saucepan of salted boiling water following packet directions or until al dente. Add the lemon rind in the last 1 minute of cooking. Drain. Return to the pan.
168	3	Step 3	Add the lemon juice mixture, rocket, trout and parsley to the pasta and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Divide among serving bowls and sprinkle with extra parsley to serve.
169	1	Step 1	Cook pasta in a large pan of lightly salted boiling water until al dente.
169	2	Step 2	Drain well, reserving 1 tablespoon of cooking liquid. Return pasta to pan.
169	3	Step 3	Heat half the oil in a deep frypan over medium heat. Add garlic and carrot and cook for 2-3 minutes or until carrot is slightly tender. Remove from heat and add cress.
169	4	Step 4	Add to pasta with reserved cooking liquid, remaining oil, juice and sumac. Season well with sea salt and cracked black pepper. Toss to combine.
170	1	Step 1	Peel and clean prawns, then cut into thirds.
170	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a large frying pan over high heat. Add onion and garlic, and cook for 4 minutes or until the onion is softened. Add prawns, celery, tomatoes, half the basil, chilli, lemon zest and juice, and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until prawns are just cooked. Season with salt and pepper, then remove pan from heat.
170	3	Step 3	Cook pasta in a large pan of boiling salted water until al dente. Drain well and reserve 2 tablespoons cooking water.
170	4	Step 4	Add pasta to prawn mixture and place over medium–high heat. Add reserved cooking water and cook, tossing, for 3 minutes or until warmed through and well combined.
170	5	Step 5	Divide pasta among warmed bowls, top with remaining basil and season with freshly ground black pepper. Drizzle with extra virgin olive oil and serve immediately.
171	1	Step 1	Cook pasta in a saucepan of boiling, salted water according to packet instructions.
171	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat oil and 30g butter in a frypan over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for 30 seconds. Add the breadcrumbs and cook, stirring, for 2-3 minutes until golden. Add pine nuts and cook, stirring, for a further 1-2 minutes until golden. Remove from pan.
171	3	Step 3	Add remaining 20g butter to the pan with the spinach, artichoke and lemon zest and juice. Cook for 1-2 minutes until spinach has wilted. Season then toss with pasta and pine nut mixture. Divide pasta among bowls and dot with ricotta.
172	1	Step 1	Place onion and garlic in a large heatproof microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on high (100%) for 2 minutes or until onion has softened. Add mince. Stir to combine. Microwave on high (100%) for 2 to 3 minutes or until mince has browned. Add tomatoes, soup, paste, stock, oregano and basil. Microwave on high (100%) for 10 minutes or until starting to boil. Stir. Mash to break up mince. Microwave on high (100%) for 10 minutes or until cooked through.
172	2	Step 2	Divide pasta between bowls. Top with sauce. Serve with parmesan and bread.
173	1	Step 1	Combine the chocolate and one-third of the cream in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan half-filled with simmering water (make sure the bowl doesn't touch the water). Cook, stirring with a metal spoon, for 5 minutes or until the chocolate melts and the mixture is smooth.
173	2	Step 2	Use an electric beater to whisk the egg white in a clean dry bowl until soft peaks form.
173	3	Step 3	Use a balloon whisk to whisk together the egg yolk and sugar in a medium bowl until pale and creamy. Stir in the mascarpone.
173	4	Step 4	Use an electric beater to whisk the remaining cream in a bowl until soft peaks form. Fold into the egg yolk mixture. Add the egg white and gently fold until just combined.
173	5	Step 5	Place the biscuits in a bowl and drizzle with the coffee. Spoon half the biscuit mixture evenly among serving glasses. Top with half the chocolate sauce and half the cream mixture. Continue layering with remaining biscuits, chocolate mixture and cream mixture. Dust with cocoa to serve.
174	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 175°C. Line 2 baking trays with non-stick baking paper.
174	2	Step 2	Whisk the olive oil, orange juice, brandy and one-third of the sugar in a large bowl. Add flour, baking powder and bicarbonate of soda. Mix until well combined.
174	3	Step 3	Roll tablespoonfuls of the mixture into balls. Place, about 4cm apart, on the prepared trays. Use a fork to flatten. Bake, swapping trays halfway through cooking, for 30-35 minutes or until golden.
174	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, place the water, honey and remaining sugar in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir until the sugar dissolves. Increase heat to high. Bring to the boil. Boil for 5 minutes or until syrup thickens. Set aside to cool slightly.
174	5	Step 5	Remove the biscuits from oven. Pour over the syrup. Set aside on the trays, turning once, for 20 minutes to infuse. Transfer the biscuits to a serving plate. Top with the walnut to serve.
175	1	Step 1	Combine ingredients and 1 cup water in a large saucepan over medium heat. Stir until sugar dissolves and mixture comes to the boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 5 minutes. Strain through a fine sieve, reserving orange slices. Pour wine into serving glasses. Top with orange slices. Serve.
176	1	Step 1	For the chicken, place all ingredients in a large saucepan or stockpot and add enough cold water to cover the chicken by about 2cm. Cover with a lid and bring to the boil over medium heat. Reduce heat to low and gently poach for 40 minutes or until the chicken is just cooked through. Remove the chicken from stock, transfer to a bowl and place in the fridge to cool.
176	2	Step 2	Strain the stock, discarding the solids. (The stock can be reserved and kept frozen for up to 3 months). Return 1.5L (6 cups) stock to the saucepan and bring to the boil. Add the potato and boil for 8 minutes or until just tender. Remove the potato from the stock with a slotted spoon and set aside. Continue boiling the stock for a further 15 minutes or until reduced to 2 cups (500ml). Set aside.
176	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, shred the chicken meat, discarding the skin and bones. Cover and chill until needed.
176	4	Step 4	Melt 20g butter in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Add the leek, celery and prosciutto, then cook, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes or until the vegetables are just soft. Transfer to a bowl and set aside.
176	5	Step 5	Melt the remaining 40g butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk for 1 minute. Remove pan from heat and gradually add the reduced stock and milk, stirring constantly, until smooth and combined.  Return pan to medium heat and cook, stirring constantly, until thickened and simmering. Remove from heat and transfer to a large bowl. Stir in the shredded chicken, potato and leek mixture, then season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Chill for 1 hour or until cooled.
176	6	Step 6	Preheat the oven to 200C. Grease six 3/4 cup (185ml) ovenproof dishes or ramekins.
176	7	Step 7	Roll out the pastry on a lightly floured work surface until 4mm thick. Using the top of one of the dishes as a guide, cut out 6 rounds of pastry. Divide the chicken mixture among the dishes and top each pie with some thyme leaves. Brush the edge of the dish with a little of the egg wash, then place a piece of pastry over each pie. Press down the edges with a fork to seal. Cut a small cross or two slits in the top of each pie, then brush pastry with a little egg wash to glaze.
176	8	Step 8	Place the pies on a baking tray and bake for 25-30 minutes until the pastry is golden and crisp.
176	9	Step 9	Serve pies straight from the oven.
177	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 160°C. Grease and line two 20cm round cake pans.
177	2	Step 2	Place chocolate, butter and milk in a saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring, until melted and smooth. Transfer to a bowl and set aside to cool completely.
177	3	Step 3	Add the sugar, vanilla and eggs to the chocolate mixture and whisk until well combined. Sift in the flour and baking powder, then stir until just combined. Divide mixture evenly between cake pans and tap pans gently on a flat surface to remove any air bubbles. Bake for 1 hour or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Cool the cakes in pans for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack to cool completely.
177	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, for the ganache, place the chocolate and cream in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water (don’t let the bowl touch the water), stirring until smooth and melted. Remove bowl from heat and cover with plastic wrap. Chill, stirring occasionally, for 1 1/2 hours or until it reaches a thick spreadable consistency. Divide the ganache into three portions (you will use 1 portion for the filling and the remaining 2 to ice the cake) and use immediately.
177	5	Step 5	To assemble the cake, trim the top of the cooled cakes to level, then slice each cake in half horizontally. Place one cake layer on a serving plate, and spread with one-third of the ganache filling, then top with 2 tbs jam. Repeat layering two more times, finishing with a final layer of cake. Using a palette knife, spread remaining ganache icing over the top and sides of the cake. Decorate the cake with freeze-dried raspberries, then serve.
178	1	Step 1	Combine the flour and a pinch of salt in a bowl. Holding the frozen butter with a piece of foil or baking paper (this will prevent it from melting), coarsely grate onto a chilled plate. Add grated butter to the flour, then using a round-bladed knife or palette knife, cut through the flour and butter until mixed and evenly combined. Sprinkle 1/3 cup (80 ml) chilled water over the flour and butter mixture.
178	2	Step 2	Using the knife again in a cutting motion, mix until evenly combined and the mixture starts holding together. Press a little of the mixture between your fingers, if it holds together easily, there is no need to add more water. If it doesn’t, add an extra 1 teaspoon chilled water, then test again.
178	3	Step 3	Bring the pastry together with your hands and transfer to a lightly floured, cool work surface. Lightly knead the pastry with your fingertips for 30 seconds or until smooth and soft (the butter pieces will be visible in the pastry). Shape the pastry into a disc, then enclose in plastic wrap and chill for 30 minutes before using.
179	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large, deep, heavy-based saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion, garlic and rosemary. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 4 to 5 minutes or until onion has softened.
179	2	Step 2	Add carrot and celery. Season with salt and pepper. Stir to combine. Reduce heat to medium. Cook for 6 to 7 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Increase heat to high. Add mince. Cook, stirring with a wooden spoon to break up mince, for 8 to 10 minutes or until browned.
179	3	Step 3	Add tomato paste and oregano. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes. Add passata, stock and wine. Stir to combine. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Add bay leaves and thyme. Cook for 2 hours, stirring occasionally.
179	4	Step 4	Stir in basil. Season with salt and pepper if needed. Cook, partially covered, for 1 hour or until thickened. Remove and discard thyme stems and bay leaves.
179	5	Step 5	Divide pasta between bowls. Top with sauce. Serve with parmigiano.
180	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the chicken and cook for 2-3 minutes until lightly browned. Add the beans, chilli, peanuts and half the basil.
180	2	Step 2	Cook for a further 2-3 minutes, then stir in the fish sauce and lime juice. Just before serving, add the remaining basil.
180	3	Step 3	Serve with the steamed jasmine rice and nosh up!
181	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 180°C.
181	2	Step 2	Cut each onion into 6 wedges without cutting all the way through the stem end (this will help to keep them intact). Place on a baking tray, drizzle with a little oil and season. Roast for 20 minutes.
181	3	Step 3	For the basil dressing, combine all ingredients in a screwtop jar. Season, then seal and shake to combine. Refrigerate leftover dressing for up to 3 days.
181	4	Step 4	Add vine-ripened cherry tomatoes to tray, drizzle with a little more oil and season, then roast for a further 4-5 minutes until onions are tender and golden, and tomatoes are starting to collapse. Set aside to cool.
181	5	Step 5	Heat a little more oil in a frypan over medium heat. Add 2 slices prosciutto and cook, turning, for 2-3 minutes or until crisp. Drain on paper towel, then transfer to a food processor with breadcrumbs and garlic, and pulse to combine. Heat
181	6	Step 6	2 tbs oil in a frypan and cook breadcrumb mixture, stirring, for 2-3 minutes until golden and crisp. Drain on paper towel.
181	7	Step 7	Layer onions, tomatoes and roast capsicum on a serving platter, drizzle with dressing and scatter over the prosciutto crumbs. Serve salad with the burrata and remaining prosciutto.
182	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Lightly grease a 6-hole, 3/4 cup-capacity, non-stick texas muffin pan.
182	2	Step 2	Cut large pastry sheet into 4 squares. Cut small pastry sheet into 2 squares. Press squares into pan. Combine tomato, olives, ricotta and beans in a bowl. Spoon mixture into pastry cases.
182	3	Step 3	Whisk eggs, milk and pesto together in a jug. Season with salt and pepper. Pour over tomato mixture. Sprinkle with prosciutto. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until golden and set. Serve.
183	1	Step 1	Place basil, pine nuts, garlic and parmesan in a food processor. Process until finely chopped. With the motor running, gradually add oil until a thick pesto forms. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl. Cover surface with plastic wrap and refrigerate until required.
183	2	Step 2	Cut baguette in half lengthways (do not cut all the way through). Open baguette to sit flat on bench. Spread both sides generously with pesto. Top base with feta, semi-dried tomatoes, capsicum and eggplant. Cover with baguette top.
183	3	Step 3	Cut baguette crossways into 4. Wrap securely in greaseproof paper. Serve.
184	1	Step 1	Preheat grill on high heat. Cut capsicum into large flat pieces. Discard seeds and membrane. Place capsicum, skin-side up, onto grill tray. Grill for 10 minutes or until skin is black. Place into a plastic bag. Seal. Stand for 10 minutes. Peel. Discard the skin.
184	2	Step 2	Roughly chop capsicum, tomatoes, mushrooms, salami and olives so all pieces are similar sizes. Place into a bowl.
184	3	Step 3	Preheat grill on medium-high heat. Grill both sides of bread slices until toasted. While hot, rub 1 side of each slice with garlic. Drizzle each with 1 teaspoon of oil. Spoon antipasto mixture onto bread. Serve.
185	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Slice each baguette diagonally at 1.5cm intervals, being careful not to cut all the way through.
185	2	Step 2	Combine spread, garlic, olives, tomato, chives and basil in a bowl. Season with pepper. Spread both sides of each bread slice with spread mixture. Enclose baguettes tightly in foil. Place on a baking tray. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes or until hot and crisp. Slice and serve.
186	1	Step 1	Pack all ingredients, except oil and vinegar, into a 3 litre-capacity sterilised glass jar (alternatively, divide between 2 smaller jars), ensuring that ingredients are evenly distributed.
186	2	Step 2	Pour oil and vinegar into a large jug and whisk until well combined. Gradually pour oil mixture into jar, while at the same time using a skewer to poke mixture to ensure that oil reaches between ingredients and there are no air pockets, until ingredients are completely covered.
186	3	Step 3	Refrigerate antipasto for at least 24 hours before serving to allow flavours to develop, then bring to room temperature before serving. Serve with bread.
187	1	Step 1	Arrange the mortadella, salami, cheese, tomato, cucumber and olives, if using, in a lunchbox. Wrap or pack the grissini separately.
188	1	Step 1	Very finely shave the marinated artichokes and fennel (a mandolin is ideal). Place in a small bowl with the celery leaves, then toss well with the lemon juice and 2 tablespoons olive oil. Season with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper.
188	2	Step 2	Preheat a barbecue or chargrill pan to high. Brush bread on both sides with olive oil, then grill for 1-2 minutes each side until lightly charred. Rub 1 side of each slice with the cut side of the garlic clove, then sprinkle with sea salt and set aside.
188	3	Step 3	Divide the toast and artichoke salad among plates. Gently pull apart the burrata, place on the bread and sprinkle with chilli flakes and sea salt. Serve drizzled with remaining 1 tablespoon oil.
189	1	Step 1	Cook pasta in a large saucepan of boiling, salted water, following packet directions, until tender. Drain. Return to pan.
189	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until softened. Add pasta sauce, artichokes, capsicums and olives. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 5 minutes or until sauce thickens.
189	3	Step 3	Add sauce to pasta. Stir to combine. Top with parsley and cheese. Serve.
190	1	Step 1	Cook pasta in a large saucepan of boiling water, following packet directions, or until al dente. Drain well.
190	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat a large saucepan over medium heat. Add salami and cook, stirring, for 2 mins or until crisp. Transfer to a plate. Add passata, olive, vegetables, artichoke and tomatoes to the pan and bring to a simmer. Cook for 5 mins or until heated through.
190	3	Step 3	Pour the tomato mixture over the pasta and toss to combine. Add the basil and toss to combine. Divide among serving bowls. Sprinkle with the salami and parmesan to serve.
191	1	Step 1	To make basil mayo, place egg yolks, basil, garlic, mustard, salt and vegetable oil in a tall, thin container, use a stick blender, place at the bottom of the container and blend until liquids emulsify. Season with lemon juice.
191	2	Step 2	Cut the ciabatta lengthways in the middle of the loaf 3/4 of the way though.
191	3	Step 3	Spread basil mayo on both sides of the ciabatta, layer with rocket, eggplant, ham, tomatoes and cheese. Wrap in foil or baking paper to take to your picnic. Slice into 10cm lengths as you need at the picnic.
192	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200ºC. Place the capsicums in a baking dish. Roast for 50 minutes or until the skin is charred and blistered. transfer to a plastic bag. set aside to cool slightly. peel and seed the capsicums.
192	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, preheat a barbecue grill or chargrill on medium-high. Spray eggplant with oil and cook for 3 minutes each side or until tender. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with the sweet potato and zucchini. Set aside to cool. Season with salt and pepper.
192	3	Step 3	Process the ricotta in a food processor until creamy. Add the basil and egg, and process until the mixture is well combined. Season with salt and pepper.
192	4	Step 4	Reduce oven temperature to 180ºc. Release the base of a round 20cm (base measurement) springform pan. Invert. Secure back into pan. Spray with oil. starting from the centre, place prosciutto, overlapping slightly, over base and side of pan, allowing the sides to overhang. Arrange half the eggplant, overlapping slightly, over the prosciutto. Repeat with half the sweet potato, capsicum and zucchini. Continue layering with remaining eggplant, sweet potato, capsicum and zucchini.
192	5	Step 5	Spread the ricotta mixture over the top. Fold over the edge of the prosciutto to partially enclose. place on a baking tray. Spray the top with oil. Bake for 30 minutes or until the ricotta puffs slightly. Set aside to cool. Serve with crusty bread, if desired.
193	1	Step 1	Preheat grill on high. Place the capsicum, skin-side up, on a baking tray. Cook under grill for 6-8 minutes or until charred and blistered. Transfer to a sealable plastic bag. Set aside for 5 minutes (this helps lift the skin). Peel and thickly slice.
193	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 220°C. Place the Lebanese bread on a baking tray and spread with the passata. Top with capsicum, artichoke and olives. Season with salt and pepper.
193	3	Step 3	Bake in oven for 10 minutes or until pizza bases are crisp and light brown. Scatter the bocconcini over the pizzas and bake for a further 3-4 minutes or until the bocconcini begins to melt.
193	4	Step 4	Serve pizzas immediately with baby spinach leaves, if desired.
194	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Place the pizza base on a large baking tray. Drain the antipasto on a plate lined with paper towel.
194	2	Step 2	Top the pizza base with antipasto. Bake for 12 minutes.
194	3	Step 3	Sprinkle with mozzarella. Bake for a further 3-5 minutes or until the base is crisp and mozzarella just starts to melt.
194	4	Step 4	Top with the rocket leaves.
195	1	Step 1	To make dough, combine water, yeast and sugar in a jug. Set aside for 5 minutes or until foamy. Add oil and stir to combine. Combine flour and salt in a bowl. Add water mixture; use a round-bladed knife to mix until well combined. Turn onto a lightly floured surface and knead for 10 minutes or until smooth and elastic. Place in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Set aside for 30 minutes or until dough rises by a third.
195	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 240°C. Divide dough into 2 even portions. Roll each to a 40cm round disc; place on 2 oven trays. Spread sugo over each base. Arrange prosciutto, artichokes, capsicum, olives and tomatoes over each pizza. Top with bocconcini. Bake in preheated oven, swapping trays halfway through cooking, for 12-15 minutes or until golden brown and cooked through. Remove from oven. Top with rocket; serve.
196	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220°C/200°C fan-forced. Line a large baking tray with baking paper. Place pizza base on prepared tray.
196	2	Step 2	Spread tomato paste over base. Sprinkle with 1/2 cup cheese. Top with roasted tomato, salami, vegetables and olives. Sprinkle with remaining cheese. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until cheese has melted and base is crisp.
196	3	Step 3	Combine rocket, onion and parmesan in a large bowl. Drizzle over oil and vinegar. Toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
196	4	Step 4	Serve pizza with rocket salad.
197	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220. Divide the pizza bases between two baking trays. Spread the tomato paste over the bases and top with the salami. Arrange the peppers, artichoke, olives, tomatoes and bocconcini on top. Bake for 12 minutes or until the crust is golden.
197	2	Step 2	Season with pepper and top with the rocket. Slice and serve with mixed salad leaves.
198	1	Step 1	Place tomatoes, artichokes and olives in 3 separate small bowls. Arrange ham, salami, cheese and eggplant on a platter.
198	2	Step 2	Peel and slice avocado. Place in a bowl and roughly mash. Add sweet chilli sauce and 2 teaspoons lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper and stir to combine.
198	3	Step 3	Serve antipasto with avocado dip, rocket and bread.
199	1	Step 1	To make Parmesan Toast: Preheat oven to 180C or 160C fan. Lay Lebanese bread on 2 baking trays. Drizzle 1 tablespoon oil over each piece of bread. Top each with 1/4 cup parmesan and 1/2 teaspoon Cajun seasoning. Bake for 10 mins until crisp and golden. Cool on trays before breaking into pieces to make toasts.
199	2	Step 2	Arrange dips and remaining ingredients on a large platter. Serve with parmesan toast.
200	1	Step 1	Make garlic bread: Preheat oven to 180°C. Combine butter, garlic and basil in a bowl. Cut bread into 1.5cm-thick slices. Spread butter mixture on both sides of each slice. Wrap in foil. Place onto a baking tray. Bake for 20 minutes or until hot.
200	2	Step 2	Place artichokes, olives, kumara, zucchini, mushrooms, tomatoes, ham, mortadella and prosciutto onto a large platter. Serve with rocket and hot bread.
201	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 210°c/190°c fan forced. line 2 large baking trays with baking paper. For the choux pastry, combine the butter and water in a small saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until the butter melts and mixture just comes to the boil. Reduce heat to low, then add the flour and cook, stirring, for 1-2 minutes or until the mixture forms a ball and comes away from the sides of the pan. set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly.
201	2	Step 2	Use electric beaters to beat in the egg, a little at a time, beating well after each addition until well combined.
201	3	Step 3	Use a spoon to drop 2 teaspoonfuls of mixture, 5cm apart, onto the prepared trays. Bake for 20-25 minutes or until puffed. cut a slit in the side of each profiterole (don't cut all the way). Bake for a further 5-10 minutes or until golden. transfer to a wire rack to cool.
201	4	Step 4	Cut profiteroles in half. Use electric beaters to beat the cream in a bowl until firm peaks form. spoon the cream into a piping bag fitted with a 1cm round nozzle. Pipe cream evenly over base of profiteroles. Place caramel in a bowl and stir until smooth. divide caramel among profiteroles. top each with 2 slices of banana. Replace profiterole tops and drizzle with the melted chocolate.
202	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 190C/170C fan forced. Grease a 3cm-deep, 24.5 x 37cm (base measurement) rectangular cake pan and line with baking paper.
202	2	Step 2	Use electric beaters to beat the butter and sugar in a small bowl until pale and creamy. Add the vanilla bean paste and egg yolks and beat until the sugar almost dissolves. Transfer to a large bowl.
202	3	Step 3	Use electric beaters to whisk the egg whites in a clean, dry bowl until soft peaks form. Use a large metal spoon to fold the flour into the butter mixture alternately with the egg whites until just combined. Combine the bicarb and water in a jug and fold into mixture until just smooth. Pour mixture into the prepared pan and gently spread to the edges. Bake for 15 minutes or until the surface springs back when lightly touched. 4
202	4	Step 4	Place a piece of baking paper on a tea towel. Sprinkle with the extra brown sugar. Turn the warm cake onto the paper. Remove and discard the top sheet of paper.
202	5	Step 5	Starting from the short side closest to you and using the paper as a guide, gently roll up the cake. Set aside for 2-3 minutes. Gently unroll the cake by about two-thirds. Set aside to cool completely.
202	6	Step 6	Reserve 1/3 cup cream. Completely unroll the cooled cake and spread with remaining cream. Thinly slice 1 of the bananas and arrange over cream. Spoon over 1⁄2 cup of the caramel sauce. Carefully roll up the cake and transfer to a serving platter.
202	7	Step 7	Line a baking tray with foil. Lightly grease. Cut the remaining bananas into 5mm-thick long diagonal slices. Place on the prepared tray. Sprinkle liberally with the caster sugar. Use a kitchen blowtorch to melt the sugar until it caramelises.
202	8	Step 8	Microwave the remaining sauce in a heatproof bowl on High for 1 minute or until warmed. Allow bubbles to subside. Top cake with reserved cream and caramelised banana. Drizzle with sauce.
203	1	Step 1	Place a flat baking tray in oven. Preheat oven and tray to 200°C. Use pastry to line base and sides of a 3cm deep, 20cm (base) loose-based fluted tart pan. Trim excess pastry. Place in the freezer for 20 minutes or until frozen.
203	2	Step 2	Place tart pan on hot baking tray. Bake pastry for 15 to 18 minutes or until light golden. Transfer to a wire rack. Cool completely in pan. Remove pastry case from pan and place on serving plate.
203	3	Step 3	Using a balloon whisk, whisk caramel in a bowl until smooth. Spoon into pastry case. Peel bananas and cut into 1cm-thick slices. Drizzle with lemon juice, turning gently to coat. Arrange banana slices on tart just before serving. Serve with cream.
204	1	Step 1	Place caramel in a bowl. Whisk until smooth. Gently fold in custard.
204	2	Step 2	Arrange half the cake in six 1 1/2 cup-capacity serving glasses. Drizzle with half the schnapps, if using. Top with half the custard mixture, then half the banana. Top with half the cream. Repeat the layers. Cover. Refrigerate overnight.
204	3	Step 3	Top trifles with chocolate curls. Serve.
205	1	Step 1	Combine milk, yeast and caster sugar in a bowl. Set aside in a warm draught-free place for 10 minutes or until foamy.
205	2	Step 2	Combine flour, brown sugar and mixed spice in a large bowl. Use your fingertips to rub the butter into the flour mixture until it resembles fine breadcrumbs. Make a well in the centre. Pour in the yeast mixture. Use a wooden spoon to stir until combined, then use your hands to bring the dough together in the bowl.
205	3	Step 3	Turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead for 10-15 minutes or until smooth and elastic. Place in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Set aside in a warm, draught-free place to prove for 1 hour or until doubled in size.
205	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, combine the sultanas and mixed peel in a medium bowl. Pour over the tea. Set aside for 1 hour to soak. Drain and pat dry with paper towel.
205	5	Step 5	Spray a 22 x 11cm (base measurement) loaf pan with olive oil spray to lightly grease. Line the base and 2 long sides with baking paper. Turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface. Use your hands to shape the dough into a 25cm square. Sprinkle with the sultana mixture. Fold the sides of the dough over the sultana mixture and gently knead for 5 minutes or until combined. Transfer to prepared pan. Cover loosely with a tea towel. Set aside in a warm draught-free place to prove for 30 minutes or until doubled in size.
205	6	Step 6	Preheat oven to 200°C. Bake on top shelf in oven for 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 160°C. Transfer the loaf to the lowest shelf. Bake for a further 1 hour or until the loaf sounds hollow when turned out and tapped on the base. Set aside in the pan for 5 minutes to cool slightly before turning onto a wire rack. Brush with the honey. Set aside to cool completely. Cut into slices. Serve with butter and extra honey.
206	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 175°C. Brush a 22cm kugelhopf pan with melted butter to grease. Add breadcrumbs and turn to coat the inside of pan. Shake out excess breadcrumbs.
206	2	Step 2	Use an electric beater to beat together the butter, caster sugar and vanilla sugar in a bowl until pale and creamy. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition until just combined. Gradually add the flour, cornflour, salt and baking powder and beat until combined. Add the rum and beat to combine. Fold in the almond meal and chocolate until just combined.
206	3	Step 3	Spoon mixture into the pan and smooth the surface. Bake for 1 hour or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly before turning onto a wire rack to cool completely.
206	4	Step 4	To make the ganache, place the chocolate and cream in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan half-filled with simmering water (make sure the bowl doesn't touch the water). Stir for 5 minutes or until chocolate melts. Set aside to cool slightly.
206	5	Step 5	Pour ganache over cake and cut into wedges to serve.
207	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add onion. Cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes or until softened. Increase heat to high. Add mince. Cook, breaking up with a wooden spoon, for 5 minutes or until browned.
207	2	Step 2	Add seasoning. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until fragrant. Stir in stock and tomato paste. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 2 minutes or until slightly thickened.
207	3	Step 3	Heat tortillas following packet directions. Place tortillas on work bench. Top each with mince mixture, avocado, tomato and lettuce. Fold up to enclose filling. Serve.
208	1	Step 1	Place the beef and pork belly in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse briefly until just minced. Transfer to a bowl. Add the breadcrumbs and Tabasco. Season. Use your hands to mix until combined and slightly sticky. Cover and place in the fridge for 30 minutes to chill. Divide into 4 portions and shape into patties.
208	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, for the crispy onion rings, place the onion in a bowl. Pour over the milk. Set aside for 30 minutes to soak. Place flour in a bowl. Season well. Add enough oil to a large saucepan to reach 5cm up the side. Heat vegetable oil over medium-high heat to 180C on a cook's thermometer. Drain the onion rings and toss in flour. Deep-fry, in batches, for 2-3 minutes or until crisp and golden. Drain on paper towel.
208	3	Step 3	Preheat a barbecue flatplate on medium-high. Brush the patties lightly with olive oil. Cook patties for 4 minutes each side or until lightly charred and cooked through. Transfer to a plate.
208	4	Step 4	Divide spinach, tomato and patties among roll bases. Top with sauce, onion rings and roll tops.
209	1	Step 1	Place the potatoes in a medium saucepan and cover with plenty of cold water. Place over high heat and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for 10 minutes or until tender. Add the asparagus and cook for a further 1 minute or until bright green and tender crisp. Refresh under cold running water. Drain well.
209	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, add the bacon to a medium frying pan over high heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from heat.
209	3	Step 3	Combine the mayonnaise, sour cream, lemon juice, mustard and tarragon in a small bowl. Taste and season with salt and pepper and extra lemon juice if necessary.
209	4	Step 4	Use the palm of your hand to gently smash the potatoes. Place in a large bowl with the asparagus, bacon, chicken and green onion. Drizzle with mayonnaise mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and keep salad chilled until ready to serve.
210	1	Step 1	Reserve a few coriander and parsley leaves. Coarsely chop remaining leaves. Process the chopped leaves, garlic, ground coriander, cumin, cayenne pepper, half the lemon juice and 1/4 cup of the olive oil in a food processor until smooth. Season. Transfer to a large bowl. Add the chicken. Toss to coat. Cover. Place in fridge for 2 hours to marinate.
210	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place the couscous in a heatproof bowl. Add the boiling water. Cover. Set aside for 10 minutes or until absorbed. Fluff with a fork. Stir in the pistachio, pomegranate seeds and reserved herbs.
210	3	Step 3	Whisk the pomegranate juice, honey and remaining oil and lemon juice in a small bowl. Season. Add to the pomegranate mixture and toss to combine.
210	4	Step 4	Preheat a barbecue flatplate on medium-high. Cook the chicken for 6-8 minutes each side or until charred and cook through. Transfer to a plate. Rest for 2-3 minutes. Serve with the couscous salad and rocket.
211	1	Step 1	Make a few slashes in the drumsticks with a sharp knife. Combine the drumsticks with the seasoning.  Drizzle with a little oil.
211	2	Step 2	Preheat a barbecue on medium and reduce heat to medium-low. Cook the chicken, turning regularly for about 12 minutes, or until cooked through.
211	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, combine the chickpeas, beetroot, mint, spinach and feta together. Whisk the lemon juice and oil together. Season with salt and pepper and combine gently with the salad. Serve with the drumsticks.
212	1	Step 1	Combine the pineapple juice, tomato sauce, soy sauce and garlic in a bowl. Add chicken and turn to coat. Cover and place in the fridge for 1 hour to marinate.
212	2	Step 2	Thread the capsicum, shallot, pineapple and chicken alternately onto skewers. Spray lightly with olive oil spray.
212	3	Step 3	Preheat a barbecue flat plate or a large frying pan on medium-high. Cook, turning occasionally, for 10 minutes or until golden. Serve.
213	1	Step 1	Place the chicken in an ovenproof baking dish. Combine bourbon, honey, paprika and garlic in a jug. Pour bourbon mixture over chicken and toss to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 3 hours to develop the flavours.
213	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 200°C. Bake chicken in preheated oven, turning occasionally, for 30 minutes or until golden brown and cooked through. Remove from oven.
213	3	Step 3	Spoon rice among serving bowls. Top with chicken and serve immediately.
214	1	Step 1	In a small heavy saucepan, heat 2 teaspoons of the oil over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring often, for 4 mins, or until tender. Stir in the garlic and cook for 1 min or until garlic is tender.
214	2	Step 2	Stir in the vinegar, tomato sauce, water, sugar, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, salt, black pepper and cayenne. Bring to a simmer over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer uncovered, stirring often, for 15 mins or until the sauce reduces and thickens slightly. Remove from heat. Reserve 1/4 cup sauce for basting. (See Note.)
214	3	Step 3	Heat the barbecue on medium-high. Coat chicken with remaining tablespoon oil and season with salt and pepper. Place chicken on the grill, close the hood for hooded barbecues, and cook chicken, basting occasionally with reserved 1/4 cup barbecue sauce, for 2-3 mins each side or until cooked through and slightly charred on the outside but still juicy.
214	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk the mayonnaise and vinegar to blend. Season.
214	5	Step 5	Using your hands, gently toss the zucchini, carrots, onion and coriander leaves and stems in a large bowl to combine. Toss the slaw with enough dressing to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
214	6	Step 6	Transfer the chicken and slaw to plates. Serve with remaining barbecue sauce.
215	1	Step 1	In a small heavy saucepan, heat 2 teaspoons of the oil over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring often, for 4 minutes, or until tender. Stir in the garlic and cook for 1 minute or until garlic is tender.
215	2	Step 2	Stir in the vinegar, tomato sauce, water, sugar, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, salt, black pepper and cayenne. Bring to a simmer over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer uncovered, stirring often, for 15 minutes or until the sauce reduces and thickens slightly. Remove from heat. Reserve 1/4 cup sauce for basting.
215	3	Step 3	Heat the barbecue on medium-high. Coat chicken with remaining tablespoon of oil and season with salt and pepper. Place chicken on the grill, close the hood for hooded barbecues, and cook chicken, basting occasionally with reserved 1/4 cup barbecue sauce, for 2-3 minutes each side or until cooked through and slightly charred on the outside but still juicy.
215	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk the mayonnaise and vinegar to blend. Season.
215	5	Step 5	Using your hands, gently toss the zucchini, carrots, onion and coriander leaves and stems in a large bowl to combine. Toss the slaw with enough dressing to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
215	6	Step 6	Transfer the chicken and slaw to plates. Serve with remaining barbecue sauce.
216	1	Step 1	For chicken: Whisk soy sauce, oil, garlic and ginger in a bowl. Add chicken and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours.
216	2	Step 2	Preheat barbecue to medium heat. Place chicken on barbecue and cook, turning once, for 8-10 minutes per side. Remove from barbecue and transfer to a plate covered with foil.
216	3	Step 3	Combine all vinaigrette ingredients in a bowl.
216	4	Step 4	In large bowl combine the wombok, carrot, 1/2 the spring onion and coriander with the vinaigrette. Toss well to coat.
216	5	Step 5	To serve: Divide salad among four plates, place chicken against salad and garnish with toasted almonds and remaining spring onions.
217	1	Step 1	For the chilli and capsicum jam: preheat grill on high. Cook capsicums, skin-side up, under grill for 8-10 minutes or until charred and blistered. Transfer to a heatproof bowl, cover with foil and set aside for 5 minutes (this helps lift the skin). Peel and finely chop flesh.
217	2	Step 2	Combine capsicum, eschalot, tomato, ginger, garlic and vinegar in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes or until eschalot softens. Add palm sugar, lime juice and chilli and cook, stirring occasionally, for a further 15 minutes or until thick and syrupy. Add fish sauce and stir to combine. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.
217	3	Step 3	Combine the cucumber, tomato, eschalot, lemongrass, mint and coriander in a large bowl. Add 2 tablespoons of chilli and capsicum jam and gently toss until just combined. Place on a serving platter. Top with duck and drizzle with extra chilli and capsicum jam. Sprinkle with shredded kaffir lime leaves to serve.
218	1	Step 1	Cook the SunRice black rice following packet directions. Set aside to cool completely.
218	2	Step 2	Combine the cucumber, carrot, vinegar, sugar and salt in a large bowl. Toss to combine. Set side for 15 minutes to pickle. Drain well.
218	3	Step 3	Combine the rice, duck, shallots, mint, basil and coriander in a large bowl. Toss to combine.
218	4	Step 4	Combine the lime juice, fish sauce, sugar and oil in s small bowl. Drizzle over rice mixture and toss to combine. Arrange cucumber mixture on a serving platter. Top with rice mixture and sprinkle with peanuts to serve.
219	1	Step 1	Place noodles in a heatproof bowl. Pour over boiling water. Set aside for 5 minutes to soak. Drain well.
219	2	Step 2	Heat peanut oil in a wok over high heat. Add duck and ginger; stir-fry for 2-3 minutes or until heated through. Add green onions, hoi sin sauce and plum sauce and stir-fry for 1 minute or combined. Add noodles and stir-fry for 1 minute or until well combined. Remove from heat. Add cucumber and coriander and toss to combine.
219	3	Step 3	Serve pad Thai sprinkled with peanuts; serve immediately with lime wedges.
220	1	Step 1	For the dressing, blend all the ingredients in a blender on high speed for 20 seconds or until smooth. Place 60ml (1⁄4 cup) of the dressing in a bowl and reserve at room temperature. Place the remaining dressing in an airtight container in the fridge.
220	2	Step 2	Preheat a barbecue grill on medium-high. Brush steaks with 1 tsp oil. Season well. Cook for 5-6 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking, brushing with reserved dressing in last 2 minutes of cooking. Transfer to a board. Set aside for 5-10 minutes to rest.
220	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, cook noodles in a saucepan of salted boiling water for 3-4 minutes or until al dente. Drain. Rinse under cold water. Drain well. Transfer to a bowl. Stir in remaining oil and 125ml (1⁄2 cup) chilled dressing. Add shallot, carrot, snow pea and coriander. Toss to coat.
220	4	Step 4	Slice steaks against the grain into 1cm-thick slices. Divide noodles among serving plates. Top with beef. Stir sesame seeds into the remaining chilled dressing and drizzle over the beef.
221	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan-forced. Grease a 6cm-deep, 11cm x 21cm loaf pan.
221	2	Step 2	Combine mince, onion, breadcrumbs, egg, garlic, zucchini, carrot, worcestershire sauce, tomato paste and parsley in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Press mixture into the prepared pan. Smooth surface.
221	3	Step 3	Bake for 1 hour to 1 hour 10 minutes, or until meatloaf is firm. Stand for 5 minutes. Drain away excess pan juices. Carefully turn meatloaf, top-side up, onto a baking tray lined with baking paper. Brush top and sides with barbecue sauce. Bake for 15 minutes or until sauce is caramelised. Stand for 5 minutes before slicing. Serve with beans and gravy (if using).
222	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a frying pan over low heat. Add the onion and thyme. Season. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes or until golden, adding more oil if necessary. Transfer to a bowl. Set aside and keep warm.
222	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, preheat a barbecue flatplate on medium heat. Cook the sausages, turning frequently, for 10-12 minutes or until charred and cooked through. Transfer to a plate and set aside to rest.
222	3	Step 3	Toast the baguette on the barbecue until warm. Spread with mustard. Fill with the tomato slices, sausages and onion. Serve with tomato sauce, if using.
223	1	Step 1	Place the onion, garlic, ginger, chilli, rum, sugar, lime juice, chilli flakes, allspice, cinnamon, thyme and nutmeg in the bowl of a food processor and process until finely chopped.
223	2	Step 2	Use a large sharp knife to cut 1cm-deep, 4cm long slashes in the thigh, breast and drumsticks. Place in a large glass or ceramic dish. Pour over the onion mixture and rub into the chicken. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 4 hours or overnight to marinate.
223	3	Step 3	Preheat a barbecue flatplate on medium-low. Drain chicken from marinade, reserving marinade. Add chicken to barbecue and cook for 5 minutes each side or until golden brown. Transfer to a roasting pan and pour over reserved marinade. Return chicken to the barbecue and cook, covered, for 30 minutes or until the juices run clear when the thighs are pierced with a skewer. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
223	4	Step 4	To make the mango and lime salsa, combine the mango, avocado, onion, coriander, mint and lime juice in a large bowl.
223	5	Step 5	Divide chicken among serving plates. Top with mango salsa. Serve with steamed rice and lime wedges.
224	1	Step 1	Preheat a barbecue with a lid, grill and flat plate on medium-high. Whisk the vinegar, mustard, garlic, lemon rind and 1 tablespoon lemon juice in a bowl. Gradually whisk in the oil. Season, then set aside.
224	2	Step 2	Lightly brush the lamb chops with the extra oil. Season with the salt and pepper. Place the lamb on the barbecue grill. Cook, covered with the barbecue lid, for 4 minutes or until well browned. Turn the chops over. Cook, covered, for 3 minutes for medium-rare or until cooked to your liking. Transfer the chops to a plate and set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
224	3	Step 3	Reduce the hot plate heat to medium and melt the butter on the hot plate until foaming. Add the asparagus, sugar snap peas and peas (use a baking tray if the barbecue rim isn’t high enough). Season with salt. Cook, turning the vegetables often with a metal egg lifter, for 4-5 minutes or until the vegetables are tender crisp.
224	4	Step 4	Transfer the vegetables to a large bowl. Add the chopped mint and 60ml (1⁄4 cup) vinaigrette. Toss to coat. Transfer to a platter. Top with the lamb. Sprinkle with the extra mint and serve with the remaining vinaigrette.
225	1	Step 1	Place lamb in a shallow ceramic dish. Sprinkle cracked pepper over both sides of lamb. Pour over 2 tablespoons oil. Turn lamb to coat. Cover. Refrigerate for 1 hour.
225	2	Step 2	Using a fork, pierce potatoes 4 times. Place on outer edge of microwave turntable. Microwave, uncovered, on HIGH (100%) for 4 minutes. Remove. Wrap in foil and stand for 10 minutes or until tender. Cut into 1cm-thick slices.
225	3	Step 3	Combine cucumber, mint and 1 tablespoon lime juice in a bowl. Season with pepper.
225	4	Step 4	Preheat a barbecue plate on medium-high. Drizzle remaining oil over potato. Season with salt and pepper. Barbecue for 4 to 5 minutes each side or until golden. Place lamb on barbecue. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate. Cover with foil for 5 minutes.
225	5	Step 5	Make beetroot sauce: Process beetroot, sour cream, 1 tablespoon lime juice and garlic in a food processor until smooth. Transfer to a bowl.
225	6	Step 6	Arrange potato and lamb on plates. Serve with cucumber salad and sauce.
226	1	Step 1	Cut each chicken fillet in half through the centre to form 2 thinner fillets. Place into a ceramic dish. Pour over barbecue sauce. Turn to coat. Cover. Refrigerate for 30 minutes, if time permits. Heat barbecue plate and grill on medium-high heat.
226	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, wash potatoes. Place into a microwave-safe dish. Cover. Microwave on HIGH (100%) power for 5 minutes. Drain well.
226	3	Step 3	Place corn onto a microwave-safe plate. Cover. Cook for 6 minutes or until tender. Drain. Slice corn into 3cm-thick pieces. Place corn, potatoes and zucchini into a large bowl. Add oil, garlic, parsley, and salt and pepper. Toss to coat.
226	4	Step 4	Cook potatoes, corn and zucchini on barbecue plate for 4 to 5 minutes, turning frequently, or until golden. Add tomatoes. Cook for 3 minutes or until warmed through.
226	5	Step 5	Cook chicken on grill plate for 2 minutes each side or until just cooked through. Serve chicken with barbecued vegetables.
227	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200C. Lightly grease 2 baking trays. Line with baking paper.
227	2	Step 2	Heat 2 teaspoons olive oil in a small frying pan on high. Brown 200g beef mince well for 4-5 mins, breaking up lumps with the back of a spoon as it cooks.
227	3	Step 3	Place 4 x 15cm pizza bases on prepared trays. Spread 1/2 cup barbecue sauce evenly between pizza bases. Season to taste.
227	4	Step 4	Sprinkle 1 cup grated mozzarella cheese over bases. Top evenly with 1 sliced stick cabanossi and beef. Top with 1 chopped tomato, 1 sliced onion and sprinkle with 1 more cup of grated mozzarella.
227	5	Step 5	Bake for 12-15 mins until cheese melts and is lightly browned. Sprinkle with parsley. Cut into wedges and serve.
228	1	Step 1	Combine the green shallot, soy sauce, sugar, honey, garlic and five spice in a large glass or ceramic dish. Add the pork fillets and turn to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 2 hours to develop the flavours.
228	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 180°C. Line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Place pork on the prepared tray. Cook in preheated oven, basting occasionally, for 20 minutes or until golden brown and just cooked through. Remove from oven. Cover with foil and set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
228	3	Step 3	Place the sesame seeds in a small frying pan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until toasted. Remove from heat and set aside.
228	4	Step 4	Cook the noodles in a large saucepan of salted boiling water for 5 minutes or until tender. Add the choy sum and cook for 30 seconds or until bright green and tender crisp. Drain well. Place in a large heatproof bowl. Add the capsicum, oyster sauce, sesame seeds and oil and gently toss to combine.
228	5	Step 5	Thinly slice the pork across the grain. Add to the noodle mixture with the coriander leaves and toss to combine. Divide among serving bowls. Drizzle with extra oyster sauce and serve immediately with soy sauce, if desired.
229	1	Step 1	Combine the shallots, soy sauce, sugar, honey, garlic and five spice in a large glass or ceramic dish. Add the pork fillets and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours to marinate.
229	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 180°C. Line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Place pork on the prepared tray. Cook in oven, basting occasionally, for 20 minutes or until golden brown and just cooked through. Remove from oven. Cover with foil and set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
229	3	Step 3	Place the sesame seeds in a small frying pan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until toasted. Remove from heat and set aside.
229	4	Step 4	Cook the noodles in a large saucepan of salted boiling water for 5 minutes or until tender. Add the choy sum and cook for 30 seconds or until bright green and just tender. Drain well. Place in a large heatproof bowl. Add the capsicum, oyster sauce, sesame seeds and oil and gently toss to combine.
229	5	Step 5	Thinly slice the pork across the grain. Add to the noodle mixture with the coriander leaves and toss to combine. Divide among serving bowls. Drizzle with extra oyster sauce and serve immediately with soy sauce, if desired.
230	1	Step 1	Line a baking tray with baking paper. Combine the mince, egg, barbecue sauce, ginger and 15g (1/4 cup) of the breadcrumbs in a large bowl. Season. Roll 3-teaspoon portions of the mince mixture into balls. Roll in remaining breadcrumbs to coat. Place on prepared tray. Cover and place in the fridge for 30 minutes to rest.
230	2	Step 2	Add enough oil to a wok to reach a depth of 6cm. Heat to 180°C over medium-high heat (when oil is ready a cube of bread turns golden brown in 15 seconds). Cook the meatballs in 3 batches, turning occasionally, for 5 minutes or until crisp and golden. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel.
230	3	Step 3	Serve on lettuce leaves with carrot and extra barbecue sauce.
231	1	Step 1	Place parsley, capers, anchovies, garlic and parmesan in the bowl of a food processor and process until coarsely chopped. Add lemon juice and process until combined. With the motor running, add 1/3 cup (80ml) of oil in a thin, steady stream. Season with pepper.
231	2	Step 2	Cook sweet potato in a steamer over a saucepan of simmering water for 3 minutes or until just tender. Drain well.
231	3	Step 3	Heat a barbecue grill or chargrill pan on high. Brush pork and sweet potato with remaining oil. Season with salt and pepper. Cook pork on grill for 2 minutes each side or until brown. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook for 4 minutes each side or until cooked to your liking. Place pork on an oven tray, cover with foil and set aside for 5 minutes to rest. Meanwhile, cook sweet potato on grill for 2 minutes each side or until brown and cooked through.
231	4	Step 4	Arrange sweet potato, watercress and pork on serving plates. Drizzle with salsa verde and serve immediately.
232	1	Step 1	For the pork, combine char siu sauce, garlic, shallot, soy sauce and red food colouring in a large glass or ceramic bowl. Add pork and toss to coat. Cover and place in the fridge for 8 hours or overnight to marinate. Preheat oven to 200C/180C fan forced. Line a baking tray with baking paper.
232	2	Step 2	Transfer pork to tray, reserving leftover marinade. Roast for 25 minutes or until cooked through. Baste with reserved marinade. Preheat grill to high. Grill for 2-3 minutes each side or until starting to char. Transfer pork to a clean tray and brush with honey. Rest for 5 minutes. Slice pork.
232	3	Step 3	For buns, put yeast and water in a bowl. Stand for 2 minutes. Add lard. Place sugar, milk powder, baking powder and 375g of the flour in a food processor. With motor running, slowly add yeast mixture until dough comes together. Turn onto a floured surface. Knead for 5 minutes, adding extra flour if necessary.
232	4	Step 4	Place dough in a greased bowl. Cover. Put in a warm place for 1/2 hours or until doubled in size. Cut fourteen 10cm squares of baking paper. Turn dough onto a floured surface. Divide into 14 balls. Roll 1 ball into a 10cm-long oval. Fold to form a semi-circle.
232	5	Step 5	Place on a paper square. Repeat with remaining dough. Cover with a damp cloth. Set aside in a warm place for 30 minutes. Fill a wok one-third full with water. Bring to boil over a high heat. Place 3-4 buns, not touching, in a bamboo steamer. Place steamer over wok.
232	6	Step 6	Steam, covered, for 12 minutes or until cooked through. Repeat with remaining buns. Combine the hoisin and Sriracha in a small bowl. Carefully open each bun and fill with pork, cucumber and shallots. Drizzle generously with the sauce. Serve warm.
233	1	Step 1	Combine 1/4 cup (45g) of sugar and 1/2 teaspoon of fish sauce in a wok over medium-high heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 2-3 minutes or until sugar dissolves and begins to caramelise. Add the cashews, five-spice and sesame seeds and cook, tossing, for 1-2 minutes or until cashews are coated in caramel mixture. Remove from heat and spread over a piece of baking paper to cool.
233	2	Step 2	Combine the rice wine vinegar with the remaining sugar and fish sauce in a small jug. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
233	3	Step 3	Combine the water spinach, coriander, mint, shallots and pork in a large bowl and gently toss to combine. Drizzle with the dressing and gently toss to combine. Sprinkle with cashews to serve.
234	1	Step 1	Preheat a barbecue plate and grill on medium-high heat. Place potato, in a single layer, in a microwave-safe dish. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon water. Cover. Cook on HIGH (100%) for 8 to 9 minutes or until just tender. Drain. Add green onion, tomatoes and oil. Toss gently to combine.
234	2	Step 2	Spoon potato mixture onto barbecue plate. Cook, turning often, for 3 to 5 minutes or until potato is light golden. Transfer to a large bowl. Add olives and baby spinach. Toss gently.
234	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, lightly spray pork with oil. Season with salt and pepper. Cook on barbecue grill for 4 to 5 minutes on each side or until just cooked through.
234	4	Step 4	Make dressing: Whisk all ingredients, 2 teaspoons hot water and salt and pepper in a jug. Pour over potato salad. Toss gently to combine.
234	5	Step 5	Spoon potato salad onto plates and serve with pork medallions.
235	1	Step 1	Combine flour, yeast and sugar in a bowl. Stir in salt. Make a well. Add water and oil. Stir to combine. Use your hands to bring dough together. Turn onto a lightly floured surface. Knead for 10 minutes or until smooth and elastic. Brush a large bowl with extra oil. Add dough. Turn to coat. Cover with a damp tea towel. Set aside in a warm place for 30 minutes or until doubled in size.
235	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, preheat a barbecue grill with a hood on medium-high. Brush the zucchini with a little extra oil, then barbecue for 1-2 minutes each side or until just tender. Transfer to a plate. Close the barbecue hood, reduce the burners to medium and preheat to 180°C.
235	3	Step 3	For the salsa verde, combine the ingredients in a bowl and mix until well combined. Season.
235	4	Step 4	Punch down dough with your fist and knead for 30 seconds or until dough is original size. Halve dough. Cover 1 portion with a damp tea towel. Roll out the other portion to a 23 x 32cm rectangle. Place on a large baking tray and brush the top of the dough with oil.
235	5	Step 5	Carefully place pizza directly on barbecue grill, oiled-side down. Cover with the hood and cook for 3 minutes or until golden and crisp.
235	6	Step 6	While the dough is cooking, brush the baking tray with oil to grease.
235	7	Step 7	Place the dough, cooked-side up, on the greased tray. Spread with half the pasta sauce. Sprinkle with half the mozzarella. Top with half the zucchini, half the prawns and half the tomatoes. Place tray on the grill. Cover with the hood and bake for 8-10 minutes or until golden and crisp underneath and the prawns are cooked though.
235	8	Step 8	Repeat with the remaining dough, pasta sauce, mozzarella, zucchini, prawns and tomato. Drizzle the pizzas with salsa verde to serve.
236	1	Step 1	Place the prawns in a bowl. Add the sugar and salt and toss to combine. Set aside for 10 minutes to develop the flavours.
236	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, for the nam jim dressing, place the chillies, garlic and salt in a mortar and pound with a pestle until a rough paste forms. Transfer to a bowl. Add the palm sugar, fish sauce, lime juice and chopped coriander and stir until the sugar dissolves.
236	3	Step 3	Preheat a barbecue flatplate on medium-high. Cook the prawns, turning, for 2-3 minutes or until lightly charred and cooked through. Transfer to a serving plate. Spoon over a little of the nam jim dressing. Serve immediately with the salad leaves, coriander and remaining dressing.
237	1	Step 1	In a small heavy saucepan, bring the rice, 1 1/2 cups water and a pinch of salt to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium-low, cover, and gently simmer for about 15 mins or until the water has been absorbed and the rice is tender. Don't stir the rice during cooking, as this can release starches that will lead to sticking. Fluff the rice with a fork and let stand, covered, for 5 mins. Spread the rice over a baking tray and cool completely.
237	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, preheat barbecue on medium heat. Coat the salmon with 1 tbs of the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Barbecue the salmon for about 3 mins each side or until char marks have formed on the outside and the salmon still has a rosy centre.
237	3	Step 3	In a small bowl, combine the lemon juice, vinegar, and the remaining 3 tbs olive oil and whisk to blend. Season with salt and pepper.
237	4	Step 4	Barbecue the corn, turning as needed, for 8 mins or until nicely charred and heated through. Cut the corn kernels off the cob and transfer to a large bowl. Stir in the cooked rice, coriander, chives, jalapeno and 3 tbs of the vinaigrette. Season with salt and pepper.
237	5	Step 5	Spoon the rice salad into a large serving bowl. Scatter the avocado over the rice. Tear the salmon into large pieces and arrange in the bowl. Serve the mixed greens on the side and drizzle the remaining dressing over the greens and the salmon.
238	1	Step 1	Preheat a barbecue grill on medium-high. Whisk the lime juice, sugar, fish sauce, shallot and garlic in a small bowl. Combine the carrot, cucumber and radish with 2 tablespoons dressing in a large bowl. Set aside.
238	2	Step 2	Combine the pepper and salt in a small bowl. Brush the prawns with oil to coat. Season well with salt and pepper mixture. Barbecue for 1 minute 30 seconds each side or until charred and cooked through.
238	3	Step 3	Divide the snow pea sprouts or watercress among serving plates. Top with the carrot mixture, prawns and avocado. Drizzle with the remaining dressing and sprinkle with the chopped peanut.
239	1	Step 1	Place the passata, treacle, maple syrup, tomato sauce, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, garlic powder and paprika in a medium saucepan. Bring to the boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 12 minutes or until the sauce thickens. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Set aside for 20 minutes to cool slightly.
239	2	Step 2	Pour the sauce into sterilised airtight bottles. Place in the fridge until required.
240	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large, deep frying pan over medium-high heat. Add onion and apple. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until onion has softened. Add paprika and garlic. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until fragrant.
240	2	Step 2	Stir in mustard, worcestershire sauce, tomato paste, sugar, vinegar, tomato, treacle and 1/2 cup cold water. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes or until sauce has thickened. Remove from heat. Set aside for 2 minutes.
240	3	Step 3	Carefully pour sauce into hot sterilised jars (see note). Secure lids. Refrigerate for up to 1 month.
241	1	Step 1	Place tomato, vinegar, sugar, molasses, mustard, tomato paste and Worcestershire sauce in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 5 minutes or until slightly thickened. Cool to room temperature.
242	1	Step 1	Spray steaks with oil and season. Barbecue or chargrill on medium-high for 2-3 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Rest for 3 minutes.
242	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place baby spinach and rocket mix on a serving platter. Sprinkle with rinsed, drained lentils. Thinly slice steak and arrange on top.
242	3	Step 3	Cut the beetroot into 1cm pieces and sprinkle over salad with crumbled feta.
242	4	Step 4	Dress with balsamic vinaigrette.
243	1	Step 1	Use a sharp knife to very lightly score both sides of the steak in a diamond pattern.
243	2	Step 2	Combine the oil with the garlic, water, coriander, cumin and chilli powder in a small bowl and mix well. Use a pastry brush to brush the mixture evenly over both sides of the steaks. Place on a plate, covered, in the fridge for 30 minutes to marinate.
243	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, bring stock to boil in a saucepan over high heat. Remove from heat and add couscous, stirring with a fork. Cover, set aside for 5 minutes or until liquid is absorbed. Use a fork to separate grains. Combine couscous, cucumber and parsley in a serving bowl. Season well with salt and pepper. Set aside. Preheat a barbecue grill on medium-high.
243	4	Step 4	Cook tomatoes on barbecue grill for 2-3 minutes each side or until browned on edges. Cook steaks for 4 minutes each side for medium-rare or until cooked to your liking.
243	5	Step 5	Roughly chop tomatoes and gently toss through couscous mixture. Serve with steaks.
244	1	Step 1	Combine the shallot, oil, rice wine vinegar, mirin seasoning, ginger and wasabi in a bowl. Season well.
244	2	Step 2	Preheat a chargrill on medium-high. Spray the steaks with oil. Season. Cook, turning, for 3-4 minutes for medium or until cooked to your liking. Set aside for 2 minutes to rest. Thickly slice steak.
244	3	Step 3	Divide the rice among serving plates. Top with the steak. Drizzle generously with shallot mixture. Serve with the steamed greens and the shiso leaves, if using.
245	1	Step 1	Combine lemon zest and juice, oil, water, garlic, rosemary, salt and pepper in a glass bowl or sealable plastic bag. Add turkey and turn to coat. Cover and chill for 30 mins.
245	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, holding each orange over a bowl, cut either side of the membrane to release segments and reserve. Squeeze remaining juice into bowl. Stir cranberry sauce and orange juice in a saucepan over low heat for 3 mins or until combined. Add reserved segments and heat for 1 min or until warmed.
245	3	Step 3	Preheat a barbecue grill or chargrill pan on medium. Spray with oil. Drain turkey from marinade and cook on grill for 4 mins on each side or until cooked through. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil. Rest for 10 mins. Thickly slice.
245	4	Step 4	Arrange turkey on a platter with rosemary sprigs. Sprinkle with pistachios and serve with the sauce.
246	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220°C/200°C fan-forced. Lightly grease a large pizza tray.
246	2	Step 2	Heat a non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook bacon for 2-3 minutes or until browned.
246	3	Step 3	Place pizza base on prepared tray. Spread with sauce. Top with grated cheese then capsicum, beans, turkey, bacon and bocconcini. Bake for 12-15 minutes or until base is crisp. Sprinkle with basil, cut into wedges, and serve with baby rocket on the side.
247	1	Step 1	Combine barbecue sauce, sweet chilli sauce, honey and peanut oil in a bowl. Whisk until well combined. Store in a 1-cup capacity sterilised jar in the refrigerator for up to 7 days before using.
248	1	Step 1	Combine paprika, oregano, thyme, onion salt and half the oil in a bowl.
248	2	Step 2	Heat remaining oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add 2 pieces of popping corn. Oil is hot enough when corn turns slowly in a circle.
248	3	Step 3	Add remaining corn. Cover pan tightly. Shake pan when corn starts popping. Remove from heat when corn stops popping. Transfer popcorn to a bowl. Discard unpopped corn. Add paprika mixture. Toss to combine. Cool. Place popcorn in snap-lock bags for lunchboxes.
249	1	Step 1	Soak skewers in cold water for 30 minutes. Drain. Preheat barbecue grill plate on medium heat.
249	2	Step 2	Place potatoes into a large saucepan. Cover with cold water. Bring to the boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer for 5 minutes or until just tender when tested with a skewer. Drain. Rinse under cold water. Cut potatoes in half. Thread onto skewers.
249	3	Step 3	Spray potatoes with oil. Sprinkle with sea salt. Barbecue for 30 minutes, turning every 10 minutes, or until golden and crisp
250	1	Step 1	Combine barbecue sauce, paprika, garlic and sugar in a glass bowl. Add chicken. Turn to coat. Cover. Refrigerate for 3 hours or overnight.
250	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Place chicken and marinade in a large baking dish. Cook, turning halfway during cooking, for 40 minutes or until browned and cooked through. Serve.
251	1	Step 1	To make the chilli jam, preheat grill on high. Cook the capsicum, skin-side up, for 8-10 minutes or until charred and blistered. Transfer to a sealable plastic bag for 5 minutes (this helps lift the skin). Peel capsicum and discard skin. Finely chop the flesh.
251	2	Step 2	Combine the capsicum, onion, tomato, tamarind, garlic and ginger in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes or until onion is soft. Add the lime juice, sugar and chilli and cook, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes or until the jam thickens. Set aside for 15 minutes to cool.
251	3	Step 3	Preheat a barbecue or chargrill on high. Place the asparagus and baby corn in a large bowl and drizzle over oil. Season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Place on grill and cook, turning, for 3-4 minutes or until the asparagus is bright green and tender crisp. Transfer the asparagus and baby corn to a serving platter. Drizzle over chilli jam and serve with lime wedges, if desired.
252	1	Step 1	In a large heavy saucepan, bring 3 cups of water, the quinoa, and a 1/2 teaspoon of salt to a boil over medium-high heat. Cover, reduce the heat to medium-low, and simmer for 14 minutes, or until the water is absorbed and the quinoa is tender. Transfer the quinoa to a baking tray and cool, then cover and refrigerate until cold.
252	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, into a small bowl, grate 4 teaspoons of lemon peel (yellow part only) and squeeze 6 tablespoons of lemon juice. Whisk in the shallots and 5 tablespoons of the oil. Season the vinaigrette to taste with salt and pepper.
252	3	Step 3	Prepare the barbecue for high heat.
252	4	Step 4	On a baking tray, toss the asparagus with the remaining 1 tablespoon oil to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Barbecue the asparagus, turning as needed, for 3-4 minutes, or until their green color brightens, char marks form, and the asparagus is still crisp-tender.
252	5	Step 5	Arrange the spinach over a large platter. Sprinkle the quinoa over, pulling some of the spinach through. Arrange the grilled asparagus and peaches over. Sprinkle with the goat cheese and walnuts. Drizzle the vinaigrette over and sprinkle with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Serve immediately.
253	1	Step 1	Preheat a barbecue grill or chargrill on medium. Using 1 bunch of asparagus, thread a soaked bamboo skewer crossways through the end of each spear, about 3cm from the base. (See note.) Thread another skewer through the top of each spear. (See note.) Repeat with remaining 3 bunches of asparagus.
253	2	Step 2	Spray both sides of the asparagus with oil. Cook on grill for 1 minute each side or until the asparagus is bright green, tender crisp and slightly charred. (See note) Set aside to cool slightly. Remove the skewers. Place asparagus on a serving platter.
253	3	Step 3	To make the pomegranate dressing, whisk the pomegranate juice and oil in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Drizzle the pomegranate dressing over the asparagus and sprinkle with the hazelnut and mint.
254	1	Step 1	Preheat a barbecue or chargrill on medium heat. Use a zester to remove rind from lemon. (Alternatively, using a vegetable peeler, peel rind from lemon. Use a small sharp knife to remove white pith from rind. Cut rind into very thin strips.) Juice lemon.
254	2	Step 2	Whisk lemon juice and 1 1/2 tablespoons of the oil in a small jug. Season well with salt and pepper.
254	3	Step 3	Drizzle remaining oil over asparagus. Cook asparagus on grill, turning, for 3 minutes or until bright green, tender crisp and slightly charred. Transfer to a serving platter. Drizzle over lemon dressing. Sprinkle with lemon zest, feta, mint and almonds. Serve immediately.
255	1	Step 1	Heat a char-grill pan on high. Drizzle 2 teaspoons of the oil over the asparagus. Add the asparagus to the char-grill and cook, turning occasionally, for 2 minutes or until bright green and tender crisp. Transfer to a plate.
255	2	Step 2	Place the remaining oil, vinegar, honey, mustard, shallot and peppercorns in a screw-top jar and shake until well combined. Season with salt and black pepper. Drizzle over the asparagus and serve immediately.
256	1	Step 1	Make lemon dressing: Combine oil, 2 tablespoons of lemon juice and mustard in a small jug. Cover and set aside.
256	2	Step 2	Preheat barbecue plate or chargrill on high heat. Cook asparagus, turning occasionally, for 4 minutes or until almost tender. Remove to a plate.
256	3	Step 3	Drizzle dressing over asparagus. Sprinkle with pistachios. Serve.
257	1	Step 1	Wrap a slice of prosciutto around an asparagus spear. Repeat with remaining prosciutto and asparagus.
257	2	Step 2	Preheat barbecue on high. Cook asparagus on barbecue, turning occasionally, for 5 minutes or until just tender. Serve on a platter with baby potato rosemary skewers.
258	1	Step 1	Preheat a grill on high. Cook capsicums, skin-side up, under grill for 8-10 minutes or until charred and blistered. Transfer to a heatproof bowl, cover with a plate or foil and set aside for 10 minutes (this helps lift the skin). Peel and finely chop flesh.
258	2	Step 2	Combine the capsicum, tomato, onion, pine nuts, vinegar and half the oil in a bowl. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
258	3	Step 3	Drizzle the asparagus with remaining oil. Preheat a barbecue or char-grill on high. Add the asparagus and cook for 2-3 minutes or until bright green and tender crisp. Remove from heat. Reserve one-third of the asparagus (see note).
258	4	Step 4	Place the remaining asparagus on a large serving platter and spoon over the capsicum salsa. Serve immediately.
259	1	Step 1	Prepare a barbecue hot plate and barbecue cooking grate for high heat. In a medium bowl, whisk the crème fraîche or sour cream, buttermilk, lemon juice, 1 tablespoons of the oil and the spring onion. Season the dressing to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
259	2	Step 2	Add the prosciutto pieces to the hot plate and cook for about 1 minute each side or until the prosciutto has rendered its fat and is crisp. Set the prosciutto aside on a piece of kitchen paper to drain any excess fat.
259	3	Step 3	Brush the avocado halves with the remaining 1/2 tablespoons oil and season with salt. Place the avocado halves, cut-side down, on the barbecue grates. Cook for about 1 1/2 mins or until char marks form. Using a thin metal spatula, carefully turn the avocado over and cook for a further 1 1/2 mins or until warmed through. Set the avocados aside briefly.
259	4	Step 4	Divide the rocket and radish among 4 plates. Top each salad with an avocado half. Fill the avocado with some of the dressing and drizzle more around the salads. Garnish with the crispy prosciutto and serve.
260	1	Step 1	Preheat a barbecue grill or chargrill on medium-high. Lightly spray the baby capsicum and asparagus with olive oil spray. Cook on grill for 2-3 minutes each side or until vegetables are tender and slightly charred. Transfer to a large bowl.
260	2	Step 2	Combine the lemon juice, mustard and 2 tablespoons of reserved oil in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper.
260	3	Step 3	Add feta and watercress to capsicum mixture and toss until combined. Divide among serving plates. Drizzle over the dressing. Sprinkle with almonds to serve.
261	1	Step 1	Place the garlic, sugar, five-spice, lime juice, chilli and a little pepper in a bowl and stir to combine. Add octopus and stir well until evenly coated. Stand while you make the salsa.
261	2	Step 2	For the salsa, combine mango, onion, chilli, coriander, oil, lime juice and some salt and pepper in a bowl. Set aside.
261	3	Step 3	Preheat a barbecue or chargrill pan on medium-high heat.
261	4	Step 4	Cook octopus, in batches if necessary, for 2 minutes, turning, until tender and charred all over. Transfer to a bowl and squeeze over the lemon.
261	5	Step 5	Arrange salad leaves and octopus on plates, then top with the mango salsa.
262	1	Step 1	Place sugar and 2 tablespoons vinegar in a glass or ceramic dish. Add prawns. Toss to coat. Refrigerate for 10 minutes to marinate.
262	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cut garlic cloves in half (quarter any large cloves). Place butter and apera in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until melted. Add garlic and thyme. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Cook, covered, stirring occasionally for 15 minutes or until garlic is tender but still holding its shape. Increase heat to medium. Bring to the boil. Boil for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring occasionally, or until garlic just starts to turn golden. Spoon into a small serving dish.
262	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, lightly spray bread slices with oil. Heat a barbecue hot plate and chargrill on medium-high heat. Cook prawns on hot plate, tossing, for 4 to 5 minutes or until browned and cooked through. Meanwhile, cook bread on chargrill for 1 to 2 minutes each side or until lightly toasted.
262	4	Step 4	Place basil, spinach and parsley in a bowl. Drizzle with oil and remaining vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Divide salad between plates. Top with prawns. Serve with garlic mixture and toasted baguette slices.
263	1	Step 1	Preheat barbecue on medium. Lightly grease barbecue plate.
263	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Add mushrooms, onion, garlic and salt and pepper. Cook for 5 minutes or until soft.
263	3	Step 3	Spoon mushroom mixture into chilli cavities. Spoon taco sauce and beans over mushroom mixture. Sprinkle with cheese.
263	4	Step 4	Place, cut side up, on barbecue and cook for 8 minutes or until tender and warmed through. Serve with chargrilled meat.
264	1	Step 1	Place beef in a shallow glass or ceramic dish. Add sauce. Turn to coat. Cover. Refrigerate for 1 hour, if time permits.
264	2	Step 2	Preheat a barbecue plate or chargrill over medium heat. Cook capsicum and onion for 5 minutes or until tender. Transfer to a bowl. Cover to keep warm. Add beef to grill. Cook for 4 minutes each side, for medium, or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate. Cover. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
264	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, place snow peas and noodles in a heatproof bowl. Cover with boiling water. Stand for 3 to 4 minutes or until noodles are tender. Drain. Separate noodles with a fork. Add capsicum and onion. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Serve beef with noodle mixture.
265	1	Step 1	Preheat a barbecue or chargrill pan to high. Place beef on a large oven tray, drizzle with 60ml (1/4 cup) oil, then season with freshly ground black pepper. Cook, turning frequently, for 25 minutes for medium-rare or until cooked to your liking. Rest, covered loosely with foil, for 10 minutes.
265	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, to make red onion jam, heat oil in a large, heavy-based frying pan over medium–high heat. Add star anise, cinnamon, garlic and onions, and cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes or until onions are soft. Stir in thyme, sugar, wine and lemon zest and juice. Bring to the boil, reduce heat to medium, then simmer for 7 minutes or until syrupy. Transfer to a bowl, then refrigerate for 15 minutes or until cool.
265	3	Step 3	To make salad, whisk lemon juice, parsley, thyme and remaining 60ml (1/4 cup) oil in a large bowl. Add figs and witlof, and toss to combine.
265	4	Step 4	Slice beef, then divide among plates with salad. Serve with red onion jam and buttered peas and broad beans, if using.
266	1	Step 1	Combine mince, onion, garlic, carrot, egg yolk and sauce in a large bowl.
266	2	Step 2	Shape mixture into four 2cm-thick patties. Place on a plate. Cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
266	3	Step 3	Heat oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add patties. Cook for 4 to 5 minutes each side or until cooked through.
266	4	Step 4	Place salad leaves, tomato and cucumber on roll bases. Top with patties, sauce and roll tops. Serve.
267	1	Step 1	Preheat barbecue to high, leaving hood closed. Tie beef with kitchen string at 4cm intervals (to maintain shape during cooking). Combine oil, pepper, mustard, thyme and 1/2 cup sauce in a flameproof roasting pan. Add beef. Turn to coat.
267	2	Step 2	Transfer beef to barbecue chargrill, reserving oil mixture. Cook, turning, for 5 minutes or until browned all over. Return beef to pan. Reduce heat to low. Baste beef with oil mixture. Cook, covered, for 1 hour for medium or until cooked to your liking.
267	3	Step 3	Remove beef. Cover with foil. Stand for 15 minutes. Slice. Serve with remaining barbecue sauce.
268	1	Step 1	To make the smoky capsicum sauce, preheat a barbecue grill or chargrill pan on high. Add the capsicums and cook, turning occasionally, for 10 minutes or until charred and blistered. Transfer to a sealable plastic bag and set aside for 1 hour (this will help lift the skin). Peel the skin from the capsicums. Cut capsicums in half and remove the seeds and membrane. Coarsely chop the flesh.
268	2	Step 2	Place the tomato, garlic, oregano and chilli in a large saucepan. Cook, stirring occasionally, over low heat for 15 minutes or until tomato is soft. Add the capsicum and vinegar and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 50-55 minutes or until sauce thickens. Remove from heat and set aside to cool slightly. Transfer tomato mixture to the jug of a blender and blend until smooth. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Set aside for 1 hour to cool. Transfer to a small serving bowl.
268	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, preheat a closed barbecue to 200C. Spray the beef with olive oil spray and season with salt and pepper. Cook on preheated barbecue for 5 minutes each side or until brown all over. Cook in closed barbecue for 40 minutes for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil. Set aside for 10 minutes to rest.
268	4	Step 4	Slice the barbecued beef across the grain and divide among serving plates. Serve immediately with the smoky capsicum sauce.
269	1	Step 1	Preheat a barbecue chargrill on medium-high heat. Place broccolini and oil in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine.
269	2	Step 2	Barbecue for 5 to 6 minutes, turning occasionally, until lightly charred and just tender. Transfer to a bowl. Add butter, lemon juice and parsley. Toss to combine. Transfer to a plate. Sprinkle with walnuts. Serve.
270	1	Step 1	Place the lamb in a large, shallow glass or ceramic dish. Combine the wine, garlic, mint, rosemary, sugar and half the oil in a jug and pour over the lamb. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge, turning occasionally, for 2 hours to marinate.
270	2	Step 2	Preheat a barbecue or char-grill on high. Drain the lamb from the marinade. Cook on the barbecue for 5 minutes each side. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook, covered, for 10 minutes for medium, or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil. Set aside for 15 minutes to rest.
270	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, brush the potato slices and asparagus with remaining oil. Season with salt and pepper. Cook the potato on the barbecue for 2 minutes each side or until tender. Transfer to the plate. Add the asparagus to the barbecue and cook for 2 minutes or until tender crisp.
270	4	Step 4	To make the mint and green onion dressing, combine the malt vinegar, olive oil, sugar, mint, green onion and peppercorns in a screw-top jar and shake until well combined.
270	5	Step 5	Thickly slice the lamb and place on a serving platter with potato and asparagus. Drizzle with mint and green onion dressing. Serve immediately.
271	1	Step 1	To butterfly lamb, open out as much as you can. Using a sharp knife, cut around bone and remove from meat. Cut meat so it opens out flat. Combine remaining ingredients, rub all over lamb. Marinate overnight or at least 1 hr.
271	2	Step 2	Preheat a covered barbecue to medium heat. Cook the lamb on the grill for 30 mins turning once. Set aside on a plate and cover loosely with foil for 15 mins before cutting into slices. Serve with lemon wedges and thyme sprigs.
272	1	Step 1	Light all the burners on a covered barbecue and turn to high with the lid closed. Wash turkey inside and out, and pat dry with paper towels. Using poultry shears, cut down either side of the backbone and discard. Cut out the wishbone and ribcage, and the large bone near each thigh joint. Turn over and, using the heel of your hands, press down on the breast area to flatten out. Cut deep slashes into the legs and thighs.
272	2	Step 2	Take 2 large bamboo skewers and pierce through the turkey to help keep its shape while cooking. Place in an oiled baking dish.
272	3	Step 3	Combine half the butter with garlic and sage. Press into the slashes and under the skin on the breast. Brush skin with olive oil and season with paprika, salt and freshly ground black pepper.
272	4	Step 4	Turn off the two centre burners on the barbecue. Place turkey in the centre, close the lid and cook for 1 1/2hrs.
272	5	Step 5	Remove turkey from the barbecue, cover loosely with aluminum foil and leave to rest for about 20 mins. Melt remaining butter in a frying pan, add sage leaves and cook for 1-2 mins over medium-high heat, or until sage leaves are crisp. Stir in lemon juice. Place turkey on a serving platter and remove the skewers. Drizzle with sage butter.
273	1	Step 1	Grate rind from 1 lime. Juice all 3 limes. Combine rind, 1/4 cup juice, chillies, garlic, half the oil, and salt and pepper in a screw-top jar. Shake well. Pour over squid. Toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
273	2	Step 2	Preheat barbecue grill on high. Place cucumber, coriander, onion, remaining 1/3 cup lime juice, remaining oil, and salt and pepper in a bowl. Toss gently.
273	3	Step 3	Remove squid from marinade. Cook on greased barbecue, in batches, for 1 to 2 minutes or until tender.
273	4	Step 4	Toss squid with cucumber salad. Serve sprinkled with peanuts.
274	1	Step 1	Cook the pepitas in a large frying pan over medium heat, stirring often, for 2-3 minutes or until pepitas pop and are toasted. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel.
274	2	Step 2	Lightly spray both sides of the baby capsicums with olive oil spray. Preheat a barbecue grill or chargrill pan on medium-high. Add the baby capsicums and cook for 2-3 minutes each side or until tender and slightly charred. Transfer to a large bowl.
274	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, cook the beans in a medium saucepan of boiling water for 3-4 minutes or until bright green and tender crisp. Refresh under cold running water. Drain well.
274	4	Step 4	Add the pepitas, beans and baby spinach leaves to the capsicums and gently toss until well combined.
274	5	Step 5	Whisk together the vinegar, oil and sugar in a small jug until well combined. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Place the salad in a large serving bowl. Drizzle with the dressing and gently toss to combine. Serve immediately.
275	1	Step 1	Spray a barbecue grill with oil. Heat on medium-high heat.
275	2	Step 2	Cut each capsicum into 6 thick slices. Remove and discard seeds and membranes. Grill capsicum, turning, for 5 to 7 minutes or until golden and slightly charred. Transfer to a plate. Grill tomato slices for 1 to 2 minutes each side or until just tender. Grill whole tomatoes for 3 to 4 minutes or until softened. Transfer to plate with capsicum.
275	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, place oil, vinegar and garlic in a screw-top jar. Season with salt and pepper. Secure lid. Shake well to combine.
275	4	Step 4	Arrange tomato and capsicum on a serving platter. Top with fetta and basil. Drizzle with dressing. Serve.
276	1	Step 1	Preheat a barbecue grill or chargrill pan on medium.
276	2	Step 2	Thread tomatoes onto soaked bamboo skewers. Combine oil, garlic and thyme in a small bowl. Brush over tomatoes.
276	3	Step 3	Cook skewers on grill, turning, for 4 mins or until tomatoes are lightly charred and beginning to soften.
276	4	Step 4	Transfer the skewers to a serving platter and drizzle with vinegar. To eat, place on a piece of bread and remove skewer. Top with fetta and basil.
277	1	Step 1	Use a wire brush to scrub clean your barbecue plate and grill before using. Carefully peel back the husks from the corn cobs, leaving end attached. Remove and discard the silk. Pull the husks back up around the corn cobs to enclose and use unwaxed white string to secure. Place the corn cobs in a bowl or sink and cover with cold water. Soak for 15 minutes (this will help keep the corn moist during cooking and prevent the husks from burning).Meanwhile: preheat the barbecue grill and plate on high heat (this will take about 5-10 minutes for an electric or gas barbecue).
277	2	Step 2	Place 2 tablespoons of the oil and the lemon juice in a shallow glass or ceramic dish. Season with pepper. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover and set aside until required.
277	3	Step 3	Chicken breasts are quite lean and can dry out while cooking. The lemon juice and oil mixture will help to keep the chicken moist.
277	4	Step 4	Cut the pumpkin into 1cm-thick wedges. It is important the pieces are of an even thickness to cook through evenly. Peel the onions, leaving the bases intact. Cut each onion lengthways into 2cm-wide wedges.
277	5	Step 5	Toss the pumpkin pieces with 3 teaspoons of the remaining oil, season with salt and pepper. Toss the onions wedges with the remaining oil, and season with salt and pepper. Lightly coating the vegetables with oil prevents them from sticking to the barbecue plate during cooking.
277	6	Step 6	Drain corn and place on preheated barbecue grill. Cook, turning occasionally, for 5 minutes. Reduce the barbecue plate heat to medium. Add the onions and cook, turning occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the pumpkin to the barbecue plate in a single layer and cook for 5 minutes.
277	7	Step 7	Reduce the barbecue grill heat to medium. Use a pair of long barbecue tongs to handle the chicken, as sharper implements will pierce the skin, allowing juices to escape.
277	8	Step 8	Drain the chicken and reserve the lemon mixture. Add the chicken to the barbecue grill and cook for 5 minutes.
277	9	Step 9	Brush the chicken with the remaining lemon mixture and use the tongs to turn over the chicken and pumpkin. Cook for a further 5 minutes or until the chicken is just cooked through and juices run clear when pierced with a skewer at the thickest part. Cooking times vary depending on the type of barbecue and the intensity of the heat. So keep an eye on the vegetables and chicken, and remove them as they are cooked. Set aside on a plate and cover with foil to keep warm until everything else is finished cooking.
277	10	Step 10	Transfer the chicken to a plate, cover loosely with foil and set aside for 5 minutes to rest. This allows time for the chicken to finish cooking and the juices to settle, keeping the chicken tender and moist. Transfer the vegetables to a large plate.
277	11	Step 11	Remove the husks from the corn cobs and cut each cob in half crossways. Serve the barbecued chicken with the vegetables.
277	12	Step 12	When finished, increase the heat on the plate and grill to high. Leave the barbecue on for about 3 minutes to burn off any fat. Turn off the heat and use a metal spatula, scraper or brush to scrape away any food residue from the cooking surfaces. Once the barbecue cools, use paper towel to wipe the plate and grill with a little vegetable oil before storing.
278	1	Step 1	Make the marinade: Combine olive oil, wine,  lemon juice, parsley,  oregano,  rosemary and chilli in a large bowl.
278	2	Step 2	Prepare the chicken: Rinse chicken inside and out. Pat dry with paper towel. Place the chicken, breast-side up, on a clean work surface. Use poultry shears or sharp kitchen scissors to cut the breast in half along the breastbone. Open the chicken to lie flat. Cut along either side of backbone. Discard backbone. Add chicken to the marinade and turn to coat. Place in the fridge for 4 hours or overnight to marinate. Drain the chicken, reserving the marinade. Season chicken with salt and pepper.
278	3	Step 3	Fire up the barbie: Preheat a barbecue grill or chargrill on high. Reduce heat to medium. Cook the chicken, skin-side down, turning and basting with the marinade occasionally, for 40 minutes or until the juices run clear when the thickest part of the chicken is pierced with a skewer. Cut the chicken into pieces. Arrange on a serving platter. Top with fresh continental parsley sprigs and serve with lemon wedges.
279	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Spread pistachios on an oven tray. Cook for 5 minutes or until lightly toasted. Set aside to cool. Roughly chop.
279	2	Step 2	Preheat grill on high heat. Place capsicum, skin side up, on grill tray. Grill for 5 minutes or until skin is black and blistered. Transfer to a plastic bag. Twist opening to seal. Stand for 10 minutes. Remove skin and thinly slice capsicum.
279	3	Step 3	Spray both sides of zucchini with oil. Place on grill tray. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes each side or until light golden and tender.
279	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, bring stock to the boil in a saucepan over high heat. Place couscous in a large heatproof bowl. Add stock and orange juice. Stir with a fork to combine. Cover and stand for 5 minutes or until couscous has absorbed all liquid. Drizzle with oil. Stir with a fork to separate grains.
279	5	Step 5	Add pistachios, capsicum, zucchini, chicken, parsley and vinegar to couscous. Season with salt and pepper. Stir gently to combine. Serve.
280	1	Step 1	Place bread into a large bowl. Spray with oil. Toss to coat. Cook bread in a large frying pan over medium heat, turning often, for 8 to 10 minutes or until crisp. Remove from heat and set aside.
280	2	Step 2	Remove flesh from chicken bones and shred. Place into a large bowl. Add tomatoes and spinach.
280	3	Step 3	Place oil, vinegar, and salt and pepper into a screw-top jar. Shake well to combine. Pour over chicken salad. Add croutons. Toss gently to combine. Serve immediately.
281	1	Step 1	Soak 12 small bamboo skewers in water. Prepare a barbecue for medium-high heat. In a small bowl, toss the chicken pieces with the oil and thread 3 pieces of chicken onto the top third of each skewer. In a medium bowl, whisk the palm sugar, fish sauce, lime juice, and chilli until the sugar dissolves. Set the nuoc cham aside.
281	2	Step 2	In a small bowl, toss the cucumber, cherries, coriander, and 2 tablespoons of the nuoc cham to coat. Season to taste with salt.
281	3	Step 3	Lightly brush the barbecue grates with oil and season the chicken skewers generously with salt. Barbecue the chicken skewers, turning as needed, for about 8 minutes, or until the chicken is nicely charred and just cooked through. Remove the skewers from the barbecue and immerse in the bowl with the remaining nuoc cham.
281	4	Step 4	Lay the lettuce leaves in a straight line on a narrow rectangular platter. Remove the skewers from the nuoc cham and lay the skewers over the lettuce. Top with some of the cucumber-cherry salad and garnish with coriander leaves. Serve the nuoc cham on the side for dipping.
282	1	Step 1	Combine chicken mince, eggwhites, paprika, cumin, garlic, onions, 1/2 cup coriander leaves and pinch salt in a bowl. Mix well. Using 1/3 cup per burger, shape mixture into six 7cm patties.
282	2	Step 2	Preheat barbecue plate or non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Spray both sides patties with oil. Cook for 4 to 5 minutes each side or until cooked through. Transfer to a plate. Cover to keep warm.
282	3	Step 3	Spray both sides tortillas with oil. Barbecue for 1 minute each side or until warmed. Divide among plates. Top each with 1 patty, lettuce, tomato, remaining coriander and 1 tablespoon salsa. Fold over half the tortilla and secure with toothpick. Serve.
283	1	Step 1	Place noodles in a heatproof bowl. Cover with boiling water. Stand for 10 minutes or until tender. Rinse under cold water. Drain. Using kitchen scissors, roughly chop noodles. Set aside to cool.
283	2	Step 2	Combine chicken mince, onion, coriander, peas, noodles and 11?2 tablespoons soy sauce in a glass or ceramic dish. Cover. Refrigerate for 1 hour, if time permits.
283	3	Step 3	Heat a barbecue plate on medium heat. Divide mixture into 12 equal portions. Using damp hands, shape each portion around a paddle pop stick to form a sausage. Spray with oil. Cook, turning, for 7 to 10 minutes, or until browned and cooked through.
283	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, combine mango, capsicum and lettuce in a bowl. Serve sticks with mango salad, drizzle with remaining soy sauce.
284	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes or until soft. Stir in mushroom, bacon and rosemary. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until mushroom is soft. Add vinegar and cook for 1 minute or until vinegar has evaporated. Remove from heat. Set aside to cool.
284	2	Step 2	Place mince in a large bowl. Add bacon mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Mix until well combined. Shape mixture into four 3cm-thick patties. Place on a plate. Cover and refrigerate for 20 minutes.
284	3	Step 3	Preheat a barbecue plate on medium heat. Spray sweet potato with oil. Barbecue for 1 to 2 minutes each side or until tender and golden. Cover to keep warm.
284	4	Step 4	Spray patties with oil. Barbecue for 5 to 6 minutes each side or until cooked through. Serve chicken patties with dijonnaise, sweet potato and watercress.
285	1	Step 1	Preheat the barbecue chargrill and hot plate on medium heat.
285	2	Step 2	In a medium bowl, whisk the tomato sauce, vinegar, sugar, hot sauce, Worcestershire, 1 tsp sea salt flakes and ½ tsp freshly ground black pepper. Reserve 1/3 cup (80ml) of the sauce for basting and set the remaining sauce aside.
285	3	Step 3	Brush the chicken with 2 teaspoons of oil and season with salt and pepper. Barbecue the chicken on the chargrill, basting with the reserved barbecue sauce, for 6 mins or until charred. Turn the chicken over and cook, basting the chicken with more barbecue sauce, for 6 mins or until the chicken is cooked through but still juicy. Transfer the chicken to a cutting board to rest for 5 mins. Dice the chicken into 1cm pieces and transfer to a large bowl. Add ½ cup (125ml) of the remaining barbecue sauce and toss to coat. Season the chicken mixture to taste with salt and pepper.
285	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, brush the onion with 2 teaspoons of oil and season with salt. Cook on the chargrill, turning as needed, for 12 mins or until charred and tender.
285	5	Step 5	Brush one side of the tortillas with 2 teaspoons of oil. Lay the tortillas, oiled-side down, on a work surface. Sprinkle ¼ cup of cheese over the bottom half of each tortilla and top with the charred onions. Divide the chicken mixture between the tortillas, then top with another ¼ cup of cheese. Top with the avocado slices and coriander. Fold the top half of the tortilla over the filling and press lightly to compact.
285	6	Step 6	Lightly brush the remaining oil over the barbecue hot plate. Working in batches, place the quesadillas on the hot plate and cook, flipping halfway through cooking, for 5 mins or until the tortillas are golden brown and the cheese has melted. Transfer the quesadillas to a cutting board. Cut each quesadilla into 4 wedges and serve with the remaining barbecue sauce.
286	1	Step 1	Preheat a barbecue (with hood) hot plate on medium, with hood closed. Rub chickens with oil. Season with salt and pepper. Cook chicken, skin-side down, for 5 minutes or until skin is golden and crisp. Turn, skin-side up. Cook, with barbecue hood down, for 25 to 30 minutes or until cooked through.
286	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, combine vinegar, honey and sugar in a small saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to high. Bring to the boil. Boil for 10 minutes or until mixture thickens slightly. Set aside to cool. Stir in garlic and chilli.
286	3	Step 3	Transfer the chicken to a large shallow dish. Drizzle with sauce. Turn to coat. Loosely cover with foil. Stand for 10 minutes to rest. Cut the chicken into portions.
286	4	Step 4	Arrange the orange slices on a large serving platter. Top with chicken. Spoon over sauce. Sprinkle with mint. Serve.
287	1	Step 1	Make Chilli jam: Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add tomato and lemongrass. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until tomatoes are slightly softened. Add sambal oelek, sugar, lime juice and fish sauce. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 12 to 15 minutes or until mixture has reduced and is thick. Remove and discard lemongrass. Cool chilli jam completely.
287	2	Step 2	Preheat a chargrill or barbecue (with hood) on medium. Rinse chicken (including cavity) under cold water. Pat dry with paper towel. Place chicken on a board, breast-side down, and cavity facing towards you. Using kitchen scissors, cut along both sides of backbone and discard. Open up chicken and turn over. Press down with heel of hand to flatten.
287	3	Step 3	Using a sharp knife, cut into the flesh of the thickest part of chicken thighs and breast. Rub 1/3 of the chilli jam all over chicken. Cook chicken, skin-side down, for 5 minutes or until skin is crisp and golden. Turn chicken. Cook, with barbecue hood closed, for 30 to 35 minutes or until juices run clear when chicken thigh is pierced with a skewer. Transfer to a plate. Cover loosely with foil. Stand for 10 minutes.
287	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, place noodles in a heatproof bowl. Cover with boiling water. Set aside for 5 minutes or until tender. Drain. Rinse briefly under cold water. Return noodles to bowl. Using scissors, cut noodles into 8cm lengths. Add carrot, capsicum, mint and coriander. Toss to combine. Place lime juice, oil and 2 tablespoons remaining chilli jam in a small bowl. Whisk until combined. Add dressing to noodle mixture. Toss gently to combine.
287	5	Step 5	Cut chicken into portions. Serve chicken with noodle salad and remaining chilli jam.
288	1	Step 1	Place yoghurt, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, Greek seasoning and mint in a bowl. Mix well. Add chicken and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 20 minutes.
288	2	Step 2	Preheat a barbecue grill on mediumlow heat. Remove chicken from marinade and spray lightly with oil. Barbecue for 2 to 3 minutes each side or until just cooked through.
288	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, place spinach, capsicum, cucumber, sprouts, feta and olives in a bowl. Toss to combine. Divide salad among plates. Top with chicken. Drizzle with remaining 2 1/2 tablespoons lemon juice. Season with pepper. Serve.
289	1	Step 1	Combine tahini, sesame oil, soy sauce, vinegar and sugar in a screw-top jar; shake well to combine. Place chicken in a bowl and pour over 2 tablespoons of tahini dressing. Set aside for 5 minutes to marinate.
289	2	Step 2	Heat a lightly greased barbecue or char-grill plate on high. Lightly spray pumpkin, mushrooms and wombok with oil spray. Add the pumpkin to the grill and cook for 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms and wombok and cook for a further 1 minute or until tender and lightly charred. Transfer vegetables to a plate and cover to keep warm.
289	3	Step 3	Drain chicken and lightly spray with oil. Cook on grill, turning, for 6 minutes or until browned and cooked through.
289	4	Step 4	Place the chicken and vegetables on serving plates. Drizzle with remaining dressing and sprinkle with sesame seeds and green onion. Serve immediately with steamed rice, if desired.
290	1	Step 1	Place mango, chilli, onion and coriander in a bowl. Add half the lime juice. Toss to combine.
290	2	Step 2	Preheat a greased barbecue plate or chargrill over medium-high heat. Place chicken in a shallow glass or ceramic dish. Add remaining lime juice. Season with salt and pepper. Cook chicken for 6 to 7 minutes each side or until cooked through. Serve with mango mixture.
291	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Place 1 potato, cut-side down, on a clean work surface and scrape the potato deeply with a fork. Place in a large baking dish. Repeat with remaining potatoes.
291	2	Step 2	Drizzle 2 tablespoons of oil over potatoes. Toss to coat. Bake for 40 minutes, turning once, or until almost tender. Combine breadcrumbs, rosemary and half the parmesan in a bowl. Turn potatoes so they are flat-side down in pan. Sprinkle with breadcrumb mixture. Bake for 15-20 minutes or until golden and tender.
291	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, process basil, nuts, garlic and remaining parmesan, scraping down sides occasionally, until almost smooth. With motor running, add remaining oil in a slow, steady stream until combined. Season with sea salt and pepper.
291	4	Step 4	Cook beans in a saucepan of boiling water for 1-2 minutes or until just tender. Drain.
291	5	Step 5	Cut chicken in 4 portions. Reduce oven temperature to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Reheat chicken in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes. Place on serving plates with potatoes and beans. Serve chicken topped with pesto.
292	1	Step 1	Preheat BBQ or chargrill pan to medium-high heat.
292	2	Step 2	To make the vinaigrette, combine capers, shallot, lemon zest and juice and white wine vinegar in a small bowl. While whisking, slowly pour in 2 tablespoons of olive oil until thoroughly combined. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside.
292	3	Step 3	Drizzle the chicken with the remaining tablespoon of olive oil and season both sides with salt and pepper. Cook chicken on BBQ or chargrill for about 7 minutes, turning once until chargrill marks are achieved and chicken is just cooked through. Remove chicken to a cutting board and rest.
292	4	Step 4	To prepare the salad, hold the stem end of the zucchini and, using a vegetable peeler, peel thin ribbons until you reach half way through. Flip the zucchini and repeat on the other side. Discard stem.
292	5	Step 5	To assemble the salad, combine zucchini, rocket and tomatoes in a large bowl. Drizzle with half of the vinaigrette and gently toss with your hands, being careful not to break the zucchini ribbons.
292	6	Step 6	Slice chicken into thin strips on an angle and divide it evenly among 4 plates. Top with salad and drizzle with remaining vinaigrette. Serve immediately.
293	1	Step 1	Preheat barbecue on high. Place sesame seeds in small frying pan over low heat and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until toasted. Transfer seeds and garlic to a mortar and pound with a pestle until smooth. Add the sambal oelek, soy sauce, sugar, vinegar and oil, and stir to combine.
293	2	Step 2	Place beef slices in a medium bowl and stir through 1/4 cup of the sesame mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside.
293	3	Step 3	Combine cabbage, green onion, radish and half of remaining dressing in a bowl.
293	4	Step 4	Cook beef on barbecue for 1 minute each side or until browned and just cooked. Toss steak in remaining dressing.
293	5	Step 5	Divide the cabbage mixture among serving dishes. Top with beef and serve immediately with steamed rice, if desired.
294	1	Step 1	Place noodles in a heat-proof bowl. Cover with boiling water and set aside for 2 minutes to soften. Drain and rinse under cold running water.
294	2	Step 2	Place steaks in a large shallow glass or ceramic dish. Combine lime juice, soy sauce, fish sauce, palm sugar, garlic and chilli in a jug. Pour half the marinade over the beef and turn to coat. Set aside for 10 minutes to marinate.
294	3	Step 3	Preheat a barbecue grill or char-grill pan on medium-high. Season beef with salt and pepper and cook for 3-4 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate. Cover with foil. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
294	4	Step 4	Thinly slice beef across the grain. Place noodles, onion, tomato, cucumber, snow pea, mint and coriander in a large bowl. Toss to combine. Arrange beef over the salad. Drizzle with remaining dressing and serve with lime wedges.
295	1	Step 1	Heat a large, heavy-based saucepan over medium-high heat. Add chicken, spice mix, lemongrass, bay leaves and chicken stock. Bring to the boil. Boil, uncovered, for 20 minutes or until chicken changes colour. Turn chicken over. Add coconut cream. Season with pepper. Cook, uncovered, for 20 minutes or until sauce has thickened. Remove chicken from pan.
295	2	Step 2	Preheat a barbecue plate or chargrill on medium-high heat. Cook chicken, turning occasionally, for 20 minutes or until golden and charred.
295	3	Step 3	Using a sharp knife, cut chillies into flowers. Place in iced water for 5 minutes or until curled. Place banana leaves on a platter. Top with chicken and chillies. Serve.
296	1	Step 1	Prepare a barbecue for medium heat. In a small bowl, mix the brown sugar, cayenne and paprika with 1 1/2 teaspoons of salt. In a large bowl, mix the coriander, 2 tablespoons of the oil, butter and lime zest.
296	2	Step 2	On a baking tray, combine the chicken pieces and 1 tablespoon of the oil. Toss to coat the chicken and generously sprinkle some of the spice mixture over the chicken. Barbecue the chicken pieces, turning as needed, until the chicken is caramelised and cooked through, 20 to 25 minutes for the drumsticks and 10 to 15 minutes for the wings. Set aside to rest briefly.
296	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, on a separate tray, coat the corn and onion slices with the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil and sprinkle remaining spice mixture over the corn and onion. Barbecue the vegetables directly on the grill until tender and charred, 12 to 15 minutes for the corn and 6 minutes for the onions. Cut each corn cob into 4 pieces.
296	4	Step 4	In the large bowl with the coriander mixture, add the chicken, corn and onion and toss to combine. Season the vegetables and chicken with salt and pepper and transfer to a platter. Serve with the lime wedges
297	1	Step 1	Place corn on a microwave-safe plate. Cover with plastic wrap. Microwave on high (100%) for 4 minutes. Cook on barbecue over medium heat, turning, for 5 minutes or until browned. Transfer to a plate. Combine butter and chives in a bowl. Dollop onto corn. Serve.
298	1	Step 1	Place corn on a microwave-safe plate. Cover with plastic wrap. Microwave on HIGH (100%) for 4 minutes.
298	2	Step 2	Heat barbecue plate on medium heat. Cook corn, turning, for 8 to 10 minutes or until browned. Transfer to a plate. Set aside for 2 minutes to cool slightly. Add chorizo to barbecue plate. Cook, turning, for 2 minutes or until browned all over. Remove.
298	3	Step 3	When corn is cool enough to handle, use a sharp knife to slice kernels from cob. Place corn kernels, chorizo, capsicum, avocado, tomato, coriander and lime juice in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Serve.
299	1	Step 1	Preheat a barbecue or chargrill to medium. Brush the corn with the olive oil and cook, turning frequently, for 10 minutes or until tender and golden brown. Season with salt and pepper and serve.
300	1	Step 1	Cook the corn in a saucepan of boiling water for 10 minutes or until tender. Drain. Set aside for 5 minutes to cool.
300	2	Step 2	Combine butter, coriander, parsley, chilli, garlic, cumin and cayenne pepper in a bowl. Spoon along the centre of a piece of baking paper to form a log. Roll up and twist the ends to secure. Place in the fridge for 20 minutes or until firm.
300	3	Step 3	Preheat a barbecue grill or chargrill on high. Halve corncobs lengthways. Brush with oil. Cook on grill, turning, for 10 minutes.
300	4	Step 4	Thinly slice the chilli-herb butter crossways. Place the corn in a serving dish. Top with the chilli-herb butter slices to serve.
301	1	Step 1	Place vinegar, soy sauce, garlic, ginger, chillies, bay leaves, sugar, peppercorns, onion and 500ml (2 cups) water in a large bowl. Stir well to combine. Add chicken and stir to coat. Marinate at room temperature for 30 minutes.
301	2	Step 2	Transfer chicken mixture to a large, heavy-based saucepan. Bring to the boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium, cover loosely with foil, then simmer, stirring occasionally, for 25 minutes or until chicken is just cooked.
301	3	Step 3	Using tongs, remove chicken wings and transfer to a large bowl. Simmer sauce for a further 10 minutes or until reduced by half and thickened slightly.
301	4	Step 4	Return chicken to pan and stir to combine. Cook for a further 5 minutes or until chicken is cooked through. Cool for 5 minutes.
301	5	Step 5	Divide chicken adobo among bowls, spoon over sauce, then scatter with extra sliced chillies. Serve with steamed white rice.
302	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Place the flour in a sealable plastic bag. Season with salt and pepper. Add the chicken and shake to coat. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large non-stick frying pan over high heat. Cook half the chicken for 2-3 minutes each side or until golden. Transfer to a baking dish. Repeat with remaining chicken.
302	2	Step 2	Heat the remaining oil in the pan over medium-high heat. Cook the onion and garlic, stirring often, for 2 minutes or until soft. Add the wine and cook for 1 minute or until reduced slightly. Add the water and stock cube and bring to the boil. Stir in the bay leaves, oregano, sugar and vinegar.
302	3	Step 3	Pour the onion mixture over the chicken. Bake, basting occasionally, for 15 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through and the liquid is reduced slightly. Top with the olives and serve with steamed couscous.
303	1	Step 1	Heat a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add 1 1/2 tablespoons of oil, shallot and garlic and cook, stirring constantly, for about 30 seconds, or until the shallots are translucent. Add the tomatoes and cook for about 1 minute, or until slightly softened. Transfer the tomato mixture to a large bowl, season with sea salt flakes and freshly ground black pepper and toss to coat. Set aside for about 15 minutes.
303	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, prepare a barbecue for medium-high heat. If the tenderloins are attached to the chicken breasts, remove them and set aside. With the palm of your hand, press each chicken breast flat onto a cutting board. Using a sharp knife, slice each chicken breast horizontally into 2 even pieces. Place a piece of cling film over each breast piece of chicken and pound to an even thickness. Drizzle the chicken (including the tenderloins if using) with 2 teaspoons of oil and season with salt and pepper.
303	3	Step 3	Barbecue the chicken, rotating as needed, for about 5 minutes, or until heavily browned and almost cooked through. Turn the chicken over and cook for about 1 minute, or until the chicken is cooked through. Transfer the chicken to a large platter and rest for 5 minutes.
303	4	Step 4	Scatter the rocket over the chicken. Spoon the tomato mixture and mozzarellla over and around the chicken and serve with lemon wedges.
304	1	Step 1	Heat half the oil in a large deep frying pan over high heat. Add one-third of the chicken and cook, turning, for 3 minute or until brown all over. Transfer to a bowl. Repeat in 2 batches with remaining chicken.
304	2	Step 2	Heat remaining oil in pan over medium heat. Add onion and cook, stirring for 5 minutes or until onion softens. Add garlic, ginger, cumin, saffron and half the cinnamon; cook, stirring for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add chicken, chicken stock and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes or until liquid evaporates. Remove from heat. Set aside to cool.
304	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 180C. Combine almonds, icing sugar and remaining cinnamon in a small bowl. Set aside a small amount for garnishing. Brush a shallow 20cm round (base measurement) cake pan with melted butter to grease. Place filo sheets on a clean work surface. Brush 1 sheet of filo with a little melted butter. Sprinkle with one-eighth of the almond mixture. Top with another filo sheet, turning slightly, and continue brushing with butter and sprinkling with almond mixture. Continue layering with remaining filo, butter and almond mixture. Line the prepared pan with filo stack, allowing edges to overhang.
304	4	Step 4	Line a baking tray with baking paper. Add the egg and coriander to the chicken mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon chicken mixture into the pan lined with filo. Bring the filo edges over the chicken mixture to enclose. Brush with any remaining butter. Bake for 15 minutes or until golden. Remove from oven and turn onto the lined tray. Bake for a further 15 minutes or until golden and heated through. Sprinkle with extra almond, icing sugar and cinnamon to serve.
305	1	Step 1	Combine the chicken, mayonnaise, mustard and lemon juice in a large bowl. Add the celery, almonds and tarragon and gently stir until just combined. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
305	2	Step 2	Arrange half the bread slices on a clean work surface. Spread the chicken mixture evenly among the bread slices. Sandwich together with remaining bread slices. Use a serrated knife to remove the crusts from each sandwich. Cut each sandwich lengthways into thirds. Arrange on a platter to serve.
306	1	Step 1	Place mince, onion, capsicum, cereal biscuits, almonds, parmesan, parsley and egg in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Mix to combine. Using 1/4 cup per rissole, shape mixture into 18 rissoles. Place on a large tray. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
306	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a large, non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Cook rissoles, in batches, for 4 to 5 minutes each side or until cooked through. Serve with salad greens and potato salad.
307	1	Step 1	Toss the apple slices in the lemon juice and allow to stand while preparing the salad.
307	2	Step 2	In a large bowl, toss together all remaining ingredients, except the peanuts adding the apple slices at the end. Season to taste and sprinkle over with peanuts before serving.
308	1	Step 1	Combine the apple and lemon juice in a bowl. Toss to coat. Add the chicken, celery, chives, mayonnaise, poppy seeds and mustard. Season. Mix until well combined.
308	2	Step 2	Arrange half the bread slices on a work surface. Spread with the butter. Spread with the chicken mixture. Sandwich together with remaining bread slices. Use a serrated knife to remove the crusts from each sandwich.Cut each sandwich lengthways into thirds and decorate with baby herbs, if using.
309	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan-forced. Grease a 6cm-deep, 20cm x 28cm (8 cup-capacity) ovenproof dish. Place tomatoes on a baking tray lined with baking paper. Spray with oil.
309	2	Step 2	Peel and grate 1 apple.
309	3	Step 3	Heat oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Squeeze sausages from casings. Add to pan. Cook, breaking up with a wooden spoon, for 5 minutes or until browned. Add leek, rosemary, thyme and garlic. Cook for 5 minutes or until leek softens. Remove from heat. Stir in grated apple.
309	4	Step 4	Cut remaining apple into thin wedges. Spoon half the chicken mixture over the base of prepared dish. Arrange bread, slightly overlapping, in dish. Place remaining chicken mixture and apple wedges between and around bread.
309	5	Step 5	Whisk eggs and milk in a jug. Pour over bread. Cover with foil. Bake for 25 minutes. Remove foil. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until strata is golden and just set, adding tomatoes to oven in the last 15 minutes of cooking time. Stand for 5 minutes. Sprinkle with parsley sprigs. Serve.
310	1	Step 1	Heat a large, heavy-based saucepan over medium-high heat. Spray chicken with oil. Cook chicken, in 2 batches, turning, for 3 minutes or until lightly browned. Transfer to a plate. Reduce heat to medium. Spray saucepan with oil. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until soft. Add garlic, cumin, ground coriander, cinnamon and cayenne pepper. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute.
310	2	Step 2	Pour 1 1/2 cups stock into pan, stirring to scrape base of pan. Return chicken to pan. Add carrots, parsnips and apricots. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer, covered, for 30 minutes. Remove cover and increase heat to medium. Simmer, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes or until sauce has reduced and thickened.
310	3	Step 3	Combine remaining 3/4 cup stock and 1/2 cup water in a large saucepan over high heat. Cover and bring to the boil. Remove from heat. Add couscous and stir with a fork. Cover and stand for 5 minutes. Stir gently with a fork to separate grains.
310	4	Step 4	Spoon couscous into serving bowls. Spoon over hotpot and sprinkle with chopped coriander. Serve.
311	1	Step 1	Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a frying pan over a medium-high heat. Add the chicken and cook for 4-5 minutes each side or until cooked through. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest, then cut into slices.
311	2	Step 2	Combine the balsamic vinegar and remaining oil. Season well with salt and pepper. Set aside.
311	3	Step 3	Combine the apricots, cucumber, sweet baby leaves and sliced chicken. Divide among four serving plates.
311	4	Step 4	Scatter over the goat's cheese and drizzle with the vinaigrette dressing to serve.
312	1	Step 1	Place chickens, breast-side up, on a chopping board. Use poultry shears or a sharp knife to cut in half along the breast bone. Cut along either side of backbone and discard. Cut around the legs, between thigh and breast pieces.
312	2	Step 2	Heat the ghee or oil in a 28cm flameproof tagine over medium-high heat. Cook half the chicken for 3-4 minutes each side or until golden. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with the remaining chicken.
312	3	Step 3	Reduce heat to medium. Cook the onion, stirring, for 5 minutes or until soft. Add the garlic and ginger. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until soft. Add cumin, saffron, cinnamon and harissa, if desired. Cook for 30 seconds or until aromatic. Add the chicken and turn to coat.
312	4	Step 4	Add the tomato and stock. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Cover and cook for 45 minutes or until chicken is tender and cooked through.
312	5	Step 5	Stir in apricots. Cook, uncovered, for 15 minutes or until apricots are plump and the liquid reduces and thickens slightly. Transfer chicken to a plate.
312	6	Step 6	Stir the parsley and coriander into the sauce. Add chicken. Turn to coat. Serve with extra harissa, if desired.
313	1	Step 1	Pat chicken dry. Combine ginger and cinnamon and rub over the chicken. Heat half the oil in a pan over medium heat and cook chicken in batches until golden. Remove and set aside.
313	2	Step 2	Add onion to the pan and cook for 3-4 minutes until golden.
313	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, add the stock to a separate pan and bring to the boil. Turn off heat and add the saffron. Infuse for 10 minutes.
313	4	Step 4	Add garlic and spices to the onion and stir to combine. Return chicken to pan and add apricots. Pour in half the stock and add bay leaves. Cover and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 15 minutes.
313	5	Step 5	Place couscous in a bowl, pour over remaining stock and cover to soak. Fluff with a fork and serve with tajine, nuts and coriander.
314	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200C or 180C (fan-forced). Squeeze 1 lemon half into a large bowl of cold water. Remove artichoke stems. Cut 3cm from the top of 1 artichoke. Rub cut sides with remaining lemon half. Peel and discard 2 layers of outer leaves until pale leaves are exposed. Use a teaspoon to scoop out and discard furry choke from the centre of the artichoke. Place in the lemon water. Repeat with remaining artichokes.
314	2	Step 2	Place the artichokes in a large saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to the boil over high heat. Cook for 15 mins or until tender. Drain well. Cut into wedges.
314	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large flameproof ovenproof pan over high heat. Cook chicken, turning, for 6 mins or until brown all over. Transfer to a plate. Cook potato and onion in the pan, turning, for 5 mins or until golden. Return chicken to pan with garlic, tomato, artichoke, stock and wine. Bring to the boil. Remove from heat. Sprinkle with oregano sprigs.
314	4	Step 4	Bake for 30 mins or until chicken is cooked through and sauce thickens slightly. Top with extra oregano leaves.
315	1	Step 1	Cut chicken into 2cm cubes. Place in a large bowl. Drain artichokes, reserving 2 tablespoons marinade. Add artichokes, mushrooms and 1/4 cup lemon juice to chicken. Toss to coat.
315	2	Step 2	Thread chicken, mushrooms and artichoke alternately onto skewers.
315	3	Step 3	Heat a greased barbecue plate or chargrill on medium heat. Add skewers. Cook, turning, for 8 to 10 minutes or until chicken is browned and cooked through. Transfer to a plate. Cover with foil. Rest for 5 minutes.
315	4	Step 4	Place chickpeas, parsley, reserved marinade and remaining lemon juice in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Serve skewers with chickpea salad.
316	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and stir for 4 minutes or until soft. Add the chicken and stir for 5 minutes or until browned. Add the water, wine, thyme and stock powder. Simmer for 5 minutes or until reduced slightly. Stir in lemon rind and season.
316	2	Step 2	Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium-high heat until foaming. Add flour and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until the mixture bubbles. Remove from heat. Gradually add the milk, stirring, until smooth. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring, for 3 minutes or until the sauce thickens. Cook, whisking, for 1 minute. Remove from heat. Stir in parmesan and nutmeg. Season. Set aside for 5 minutes or until the sauce thickens slightly.
316	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 180C. Place half the chicken mixture in the base of a 3L (12-cup) baking dish. Top with one-third of the lasagne sheets and one-third of the white sauce. Continue layering with remaining lasagne sheets and chicken mixture, finishing with lasagne sheets. Top with remaining white sauce, mozzarella and asparagus. Place on a large baking tray and cover loosely with foil. Bake for 30 minutes. Remove the foil and sprinkle with the pine nuts. Bake for a further 15 minutes or until golden brown and cooked through. Set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly.
317	1	Step 1	Heat a frying pan over medium heat. Lightly spray both sides of chicken with oil. Cook for 6 to 8 minutes each side or until cooked through. Transfer to a plate. Cover. Stand for 5 minutes. Thinly slice.
317	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, bring stock to the boil in a large saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to low. Simmer until required.
317	3	Step 3	Heat oil in a large, heavy-based saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until soft. Add garlic and rice. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add wine. Bring to the boil. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until liquid is almost evaporated. Reduce heat to low. Add 1 ladle of stock to rice. Cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until liquid is absorbed. Repeat with remaining stock, 1 ladle at a time.
317	4	Step 4	Add asparagus. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until tender. Stir in chicken, lime rind and lime juice. Top with basil. Serve.
318	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220°C. Place the rolls on a baking tray. Bake in oven for 5 minutes or until lightly golden. Set aside to cool.
318	2	Step 2	Place the asparagus in a heatproof bowl. Cover with boiling water and set aside for 2 minutes or until bright green and tender crisp. Refresh under cold running water. Drain well. Place on a plate lined with paper towel.
318	3	Step 3	Combine the mayonnaise, capers and lemon rind in a bowl. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
318	4	Step 4	Split each roll in half, without cutting all the way through. Spread the inside of each roll with the mayonnaise mixture. Top with asparagus and chicken. Place on a plate and serve.
319	1	Step 1	Bring a large saucepan of water to the boil over high heat. Add asparagus. Boil for 2 minutes or until just tender. Drain. Rinse under cold water. Combine asparagus, chicken, tomatoes and almonds in a bowl. Remove to an airtight container.
319	2	Step 2	Make dressing: Place lemon juice, oil, dill and garlic in a screw-top jar. Season with salt and pepper. Secure lid. Shake well to combine. Toss dressing through salad just before serving.
320	1	Step 1	Cook the potatoes in a large saucepan of boiling water for 12 minutes or until tender. Add the asparagus in the last 2 minutes of cooking. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the potatoes and asparagus to a bowl. Cover with foil to keep warm.
320	2	Step 2	Bring the water to a simmer over medium heat. Add the chicken and reduce heat to low. Cook for 10 minutes or until cooked through. Transfer chicken to a clean work surface. Coarsely shred.
320	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, spray a small saucepan with olive oil spray and heat over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and ginger. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add the evaporated milk and peanut butter, and whisk until well combined. Add the kecap manis and whisk until well combined. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium. Simmer for 3 minutes or until the sauce thickens slightly.
320	4	Step 4	Halve the potatoes. Place the potato, asparagus, chicken, wombok and bean sprouts in a large bowl. Toss to combine. Divide the salad among serving dishes. Drizzle over the satay sauce to serve.
321	1	Step 1	Remove skin and meat from chicken. Discard skin and bones. Finely chop chicken and place into a large bowl. Add mayonnaise. Season with salt and pepper. Stir until well combined.
321	2	Step 2	Combine avocado and lemon juice. Season with pepper.
321	3	Step 3	Trim crusts from bread. Place 4 slices of white bread onto a cutting board. Spread chicken mixture onto bread slices. Top with slices of wholemeal bread. Spread with avocado mixture. Top with slices of white bread. Cut each sandwich into 3 even fingers. Repeat with remaining bread and fillings until all filling is used. Place sandwiches onto a large platter. Cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate for up to 2 hours. Remove sandwiches from fridge 1 hour before serving.
322	1	Step 1	Heat vegetable oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Sprinkle chicken with cumin seeds and season. Cook for 7-8 mins each side or until well browned and cooked. Transfer to a plate to rest for a few mins.
322	2	Step 2	Thickly slice the chicken. Place the lettuce, avocado, naan, onion, mint and chicken in a large bowl. Drizzle with macadamia oil and lemon juice. Season and toss to coat.
323	1	Step 1	Cook pasta in a large saucepan of boiling, salted water, following packet directions, until tender. Drain. Rinse under cold water. Drain well. Set aside to cool.
323	2	Step 2	Place chicken, peppers, onion, avocado, spinach and pasta in a large bowl.
323	3	Step 3	Combine mayonnaise, lemon juice and thyme in a small jug. Season with salt and pepper. Drizzle salad with dressing. Toss gently to combine. Serve.
324	1	Step 1	Combine chicken, semi-dried tomato, crushed garlic, breadcrumbs and coriander in a bowl. Shape into 4 oval patties. Heat reserved oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Cook patties for 5 mins each side or until golden and cooked through.
324	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, process basil, extra garlic, walnuts, lemon rind and lemon juice into a food processor until finely chopped. Add oil and avocado. Process until smooth (if mixture is too thick, add a tablespoon of water). Season well.
324	3	Step 3	Divide pesto among bun bases. Top with spinach, chicken patties and tomato. Drizzle with balsamic glaze and top with bun tops. Serve with salad.
325	1	Step 1	Preheat a large sandwich press. Place 4 tortillas on workbench. Top each with spinach, tomatoes, avocado, chicken and cheese. Season with pepper. Sandwich with remaining tortillas.
325	2	Step 2	Place quesadillas, 2 at a time, in sandwich press. Cook for 4 to 5 minutes or until toasted and heated through (see tip).
325	3	Step 3	Cut quesadillas in half. Serve with sour cream and lime wedges.
326	1	Step 1	Combine seasoning and oil on a plate. Add chicken and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate until required.
326	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cook rice following absorption method on packet. Remove from heat. Stir with a fork to separate grains. Add spinach and stir to combine. Cover and stand for 5 minutes. Set aside.
326	3	Step 3	Make chilli mayonnaise dressing: Place chilli powder, buttermilk, mayonnaise and 1/4 cup lime juice in a screw-top jar. Secure lid and shake to combine.
326	4	Step 4	Preheat barbecue grill on medium-high heat. Grill corn, turning, for 10 minutes and chicken for 7 minutes each side or until just cooked through. Transfer corn and chicken to a chopping board. Cut kernels from corn. Thickly slice chicken. 5 Spoon spinach rice into a large bowl. Add corn, chicken, avocado, green onions and coriander. Pour over dressing. Toss gently to combine. Serve.
327	1	Step 1	Heat a large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the pepitas and cook for 2-3 minutes or until toasted. Transfer to a bowl. Heat the oil in the same pan. Add the chicken and cook for 4-5 minutes each side or until cooked through. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
327	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, to make the aioli: place egg yolks and garlic in the bowl of a food processor and process until combined. With the motor running, gradually add combined oils in a thin, steady stream until mixture is thick and pale. Add lime rind and juice and process until well combined. Season with salt and pepper.
327	3	Step 3	Thinly slice chicken. Divide chicken, salad mix and avocado among serving plates. Drizzle over aioli. Top with pepitas.
328	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220°C. Line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper.
328	2	Step 2	Place the flour in a large bowl. Use your fingertips to rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add milk and use a round-bladed knife in a cutting motion to mix until evenly incorporated and mixture begins to hold together. (Do not overmix. The dough should be soft but not sticky.) Bring the dough together with your hands.
328	3	Step 3	Turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface and gently knead until smooth. Use a lightly floured rolling pin to roll out dough until about 7mm thick. Use a 7.5cm-diameter star-shaped pastry cutter dipped in flour to cut out the dampers. Place dampers on prepared tray, about 2cm apart.
328	4	Step 4	Bake in preheated oven for 8 minutes or until dampers are golden and sound hollow when tapped on the top. Remove from oven. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.
328	5	Step 5	Use a serrated knife to split the dampers in half. Spread one half with mayonnaise and the other with avocado dip. Place chicken on bases and sandwich halves together. Place on a platter to serve.
329	1	Step 1	Heat a chargrill to medium and cook the chicken breast for 6 minutes on each side or until cooked through.
329	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, combine the ricotta, spring onions and parsley, then season with salt and pepper. Spread each tortilla half with ricotta mixture. Slice the grilled chicken and divide among tortilla halves with some avocado, cucumber and spinach leaves. Roll each tortilla into a cone shape, tie with string and serve.
330	1	Step 1	Place the chicken in a medium saucepan and cover with hot water. Bring to the boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered, for 10-12 minutes or until tender and cooked through. Remove from heat. Transfer chicken to a plate lined with paper towel. Set aside for 5 minutes to cool and drain. Use a fork to roughly shred the chicken.
330	2	Step 2	Combine the corn, tomato, chilli and coriander in large bowl.
330	3	Step 3	Heat a medium non-stick frying pan over high heat. Add a burrito wrap and cook for 1 minute each side or until golden brown. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining wraps.
330	4	Step 4	Spread wraps with avocado. Divide chicken evenly among wraps and roll up tightly to enclose filling. Cut wraps in half.
330	5	Step 5	Place the lettuce on serving plates. Top with chicken & avocado tortilla wraps and serve with the corn salsa.
331	1	Step 1	Combine the cumin, one-third of the oil and half the lime juice in a medium bowl. Add the chicken and turn to coat.
331	2	Step 2	Preheat a chargrill on high. Add the chicken and cook for 4 minutes each side or until cooked through.
331	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, combine the sour cream, remaining olive oil and remaining lime juice in a small bowl. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
331	4	Step 4	Arrange lettuce on a serving platter. Top with chicken and avocado. Drizzle over taco sauce. Top with the sour cream mixture. Sprinkle with the chilli to serve.
332	1	Step 1	Bring 6 cups cold water to the boil in a saucepan over high heat. Add rice. Cook for 10 to 12 minutes or until tender. Drain.
332	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat 1 teaspoon oil in a non-stick frying pan over high heat. Add mince. Cook, breaking up mince with a wooden spoon, for 1 minute or until colour changes. Remove from heat.
332	3	Step 3	Add capsicum, onions, garlic, water chestnuts and 1 tablespoon oyster sauce. Stir to combine.
332	4	Step 4	Open leaves of 1 bok choy to expose centre. Spoon one-quarter of the mince mixture into bok choy. Pack firmly. Using kitchen string, tie parcel at leaf end. Repeat with remaining bok choy and mince mixture.
332	5	Step 5	Place a large bamboo steamer over a wok or large saucepan of simmering water. Place bok choy parcels in steamer. Cover with lid. Steam for 12 to 15 minutes or until bok choy is tender.
332	6	Step 6	Combine soy sauce with remaining oil and remaining oyster sauce in a heatproof jug. Microwave on high (100%) for 1 minute or until warm. Serve parcels with sauce mixture and rice.
333	1	Step 1	Heat the olive oil in a large non-stick frying pan. Season the chicken. Brown the chicken pieces and garlic over a moderately high heat for 2-3 mins, remove the chicken from the pan before it is fully cooked. Transfer the chicken to 4 x 1 cup capacity gratin dishes.
333	2	Step 2	Bring a large saucepan of water to the boil, cook the brussels sprouts for 2 minutes or until just tender crisp. Drain and refresh in cold water. Divide the brussels sprouts between the gratin dishes. Spoon the cream over the brussels sprouts and chicken evenly, season. Sprinkle the breadcrumbs and flaked almonds over the dishes and bake for 15 mins or until golden brown.
333	3	Step 3	Whisk the grapefruit juice, extra olive oil and mustard together. Season to taste and toss through the salad leaves. Serve the salad with the warm chicken and brussels sprouts au gratin.
334	1	Step 1	Use a sharp knife to slice each chicken breast in half widthways. Place between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and use a rolling pin or meat mallet to gently pound to 5mm-thick.
334	2	Step 2	Cut the Turkish bread crossways into quartered. Split each bread in half.
334	3	Step 3	Preheat a barbecue or chargrill on high. Lightly brush the chicken and bread with oil. Cook the bread on chargrill for 1 minute or until toasted. Add the chicken to the chargrill and cook for 5-6 minutes or until golden brown and cooked through. Transfer to a tray. Add the bacon and cook, turning, for 2 minutes or until crisp.
334	4	Step 4	Place Turkish bread bases on serving plates. Spread with a little of the Paul Newman's Own South West Ranch Dressing. Top the bacon, chicken, avocado, tomato and salad leaves. Drizzle with remaining dressing and top with remaining bread slices to serve.
335	1	Step 1	For mayonnaise, combine all ingredients in a small bowl. If mixture is too thick, thin with a little water.
335	2	Step 2	Place chicken mince, breadcrumbs, egg, onions and corn in a bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper, then mix well to combine. Divide into 4 portions and shape each into a large, 3cm-high patty. Transfer to a plate.
335	3	Step 3	Heat a large non-stick frying pan over medium heat and cook bacon for 1 minute each side or until light golden. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Add oil to pan and heat over medium-high heat. Add chicken patties and cook for 5-7 minutes each side or until cooked through and well browned. To serve, divide lettuce among bun bases, then  top with patties, bacon, a spoonful of curried apple mayonnaise and bun tops.
336	1	Step 1	Use a sharp knife to cut chicken breasts horizontally through the centre. Cut pieces in half crossways to make 8 pieces.
336	2	Step 2	Cook eggs in a saucepan of boiling water for 6 minutes. Drain. Set aside for 5 minutes to cool. Peel. Thinly slice crossways.
336	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, heat the oil in a non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Add chicken and bacon and cook, turning occasionally, for 4-5 minutes or until cooked. Drain on paper towel.
336	4	Step 4	Toast bread. Spread with butter and mustard. Place 1 piece of toast on each plate. Top with 1 piece each of chicken and bacon. Top with toast, tomato, egg and lettuce. Repeat with remaining toast, chicken and bacon. Secure with a toothpick to serve.
337	1	Step 1	Heat a large, non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Spray chicken with oil and season with pepper. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes each side, or until light golden and cooked through. Transfer to a plate. Cover with foil.
337	2	Step 2	Add bacon to frying pan. Cook for 2 minutes each side or until crisp. Thinly slice chicken.
337	3	Step 3	Spread toast slices with yoghurt. Top 4 slices with chicken, bacon, avocado, lettuce and tomato. Top with remaining bread, yoghurt-side down. Cut sandwiches into quarters. Serve.
338	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 150C. Spray a large flameproof dish with olive oil spray and heat over medium-high heat. Add the bacon and cook for 1-2 mins. Add the chicken mince and cook until it begins to brown. Add the onion, garlic and thyme. Season with salt and cook for 1-2 mins or until onion begins to soften. Add the tomato paste, tomato and 1 cup (250ml) water. Bring to the boil.  Transfer the dish to the oven and cook, covered, for 30 mins.
338	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cook the spaghetti in a large saucepan of salted, boiling water following pack directions or until is al dente.
338	3	Step 3	Add the pasta and parsley to the ragu and stir to combine. Top with parmesan to serve.
339	1	Step 1	Place mince, egg, breadcrumbs, barbecue sauce and 2 tablespoons chives in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Mix well. Roll level tablespoons of mince mixture into oval shaped meatballs.
339	2	Step 2	Cut each bacon rasher in half crossways, then in half lengthways (you'll only need 26 pieces). Wrap 1 piece of bacon around each meatball, securing with a toothpick.
339	3	Step 3	Heat oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Cook meatballs, in batches, turning, for 8 to 10 minutes or until browned all over and cooked through. Drain on paper towel.
339	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, make Ranch Dipping Sauce; Place mayonnaise, sour cream and buttermilk in a bowl. Stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in remaining chives and cheese.
339	5	Step 5	Serve meatballs with dipping sauce.
340	1	Step 1	Soak 12 bamboo skewers in water for 20 minutes to prevent them from burning during cooking. Meanwhile, place butter, lemon thyme, salt and pepper in a small bowl, and stir until combined.
340	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 200°C. Drain skewers. Cut bacon into 10cm x 3cm lengths. Wrap a piece of bacon around a cube of chicken and thread onto a skewer. Repeat for remaining bacon and chicken, allowing 3 pieces of chicken to a skewer.
340	3	Step 3	Spray a stovetop grill or non- stick frying pan with oil spray. Cook skewers over medium heat for 4 minutes, turning regularly, until bacon is golden. Remove and place on a lined baking tray.
340	4	Step 4	Place in oven and cook for a further 8 minutes or until cooked through. Remove and keep warm.
340	5	Step 5	Steam or boil corn. Spread some of the herbed butter over corn and serve with chicken skewers.
341	1	Step 1	Preheat fan-forced oven to 200C. Lightly grease terrine mould.
341	2	Step 2	Slice bacon into long strips. Line the terrine mould with long bacon strips which slightly overlap. Bacon should hang down the sides of the mould, which will later be used to top the terrine. Line the ends of the terrine mould with the shorter cuts of bacon. Finely dice any excess bacon and set aside.
341	3	Step 3	Steep raisins or sultanas in a small bowl of hot water to soften.
341	4	Step 4	Place chopped chicken thighs in bowl of food processor, process on high speed until a coarse paste is formed. Add rosemary, parsley, thyme, orange and lemon zest, pork mince, and any leftover bacon and a good amount of salt. Pulse until mixture is well combined.
341	5	Step 5	Form the first layer of the terrine by adding about a third of the chicken mixture to the base of the terrine mould, pushing down firmly to ensure an even layer. Top with 1/2 the diced chicken breast, pushing down firmly to ensure an even layer. Sprinkle with 1/3 the amount of sultanas or raisins then repeat with chicken mixture, remaining chicken breast and sultanas then complete the terrine with the remaining chicken / mixture.
341	6	Step 6	Fold over the bacon strips to wrap the terrine like a parcel. Cover with aluminium foil. Top with terrine mould lid.
341	7	Step 7	Place terrine mould in deep baking dish, fill with two thirds hot water. Bake in oven for 1 hour, or until the internal core temperature of the terrine reaches 65C. When cooked, remove from baking dish, allow to sit in the fridge for a few hours before serving, but for best results allow to sit overnight.
341	8	Step 8	Remove from terrine mould, if its hard to remove, place in hot water bath, tip out terring, serve chilled, slice into 3cm thick slices with sliced toasted baguette.
342	1	Step 1	Place barley in a bowl. Cover with warm water. Set aside for 30 minutes. Drain. Transfer to a large saucepan. Add 6 cups cold water. Bring to the boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 25 to 30 minutes or until tender. Rinse under cold water. Drain. Transfer to a large bowl.
342	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place chicken, peppercorns and brown onion in a large saucepan. Add 5 cups cold water. Partially cover. Bring to the boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 5 to 7 minutes or until just cooked through. Remove from heat. Set aside for 5 minutes. Remove chicken from onion mixture. Set aside to cool slightly. Discard onion mixture. Shred chicken.
342	3	Step 3	Add chicken to barley. Add green onion, capsicum, rocket and pine nuts. Season with pepper.
342	4	Step 4	Make dressing: Place lemon juice, oil, cumin and honey in a screw-top jar. Secure lid. Shake to combine. Pour over chicken mixture. Toss to combine. Serve.
343	1	Step 1	Remove and discard skin and bones from chicken. Shred meat.
343	2	Step 2	Heat oil in saucepan over medium-high heat. Add leek, carrot and celery. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until leek is tender. Add stock and 3 cups cold water. Bring to the boil. Add barley. Reduce heat to low. Simmer, partially covered, skimming surface, for 25 to 30 minutes or until vegetables and barley are tender.
343	3	Step 3	Add chicken. Cook for 10 minutes or until chicken is heated through. Stir in parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Serve.
344	1	Step 1	Place chicken in a large saucepan or stockpot. Add the onion, leek, carrot, fennel, celery, garlic, parsley stems, thyme sprigs, bay leaf, peppercorns and 8 cups (2L) water. Place over high heat and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to very low. Cook, skimming the surface occasionally to remove any excess fat and scum, for 2 hours or until chicken is cooked through.
344	2	Step 2	Use tongs to carefully transfer the chicken to a heatproof bowl. Remove and discard the skin and bones. Coarsely shred the chicken.
344	3	Step 3	Add chicken and barley to soup. Cook for 30 mins or until barley is tender.
344	4	Step 4	Use tongs to remove and discard the parsley stems, thyme sprigs, bay leaf and peppercorns. Sprinkle soup with chopped parsley and serve with bread.
345	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large saucepan over high heat. Add leek. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until starting to soften. Add tomato paste. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add thyme, barley and stock. Cover. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer for 40 minutes or until barley is just tender.
345	2	Step 2	Add potato. Simmer for a further 5 to 7 minutes or until tender. Remove pan from heat. Stir in silverbeet and chicken. Season with salt and pepper. Stand, covered, for 5 minutes or until silverbeet is just wilted.
345	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, preheat a sandwich press (see notes). Fill pita pocket halves with cheese. Press each pita for 2 minutes or until cheese melts and bread is golden and crisp. Transfer to a board. Cut into wedges.
345	4	Step 4	Ladle soup into serving bowls. Sprinkle with extra thyme. Serve with pita wedges.
346	1	Step 1	Heat a wok over medium-high heat. Lightly spray onion with oil. Stir-fry for 1 minute. Add chicken and carrot. Stir-fry for 1 to 2 minutes or until heated through.
346	2	Step 2	Add rice, snow peas and beansprouts. Stir-fry for 1 to 2 minutes or until heated through. Add soy sauce and garlic. Stir  to combine. Remove from heat. Add basil and stir to combine. Serve.
347	1	Step 1	Preheat a grill on medium-high heat. Grill both sides bread for 3 minutes or until toasted. Brush both sides of bread with oil. Spread 1 side of each bread slice with pesto.
347	2	Step 2	Layer rocket, semi-dried tomatoes and chicken on 6 bread slices. Season chicken with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
347	3	Step 3	Arrange bocconcini on chicken. Top with remaining bread slices, pesto side down. Cut each sandwich in half. Serve immediately.
348	1	Step 1	Combine the lemon juice, oil, garlic and 1 teaspoon of sumac in a shallow glass or ceramic bowl. Add the chicken and stir to coat. Cover and place in the fridge for 10 minutes to marinate.
348	2	Step 2	Cook the potatoes in a steamer basket over a saucepan of simmering water for 10 minutes or until tender. Add the beans in the last 2 minutes of cooking. Refresh under cold running water. Drain.
348	3	Step 3	Combine the yoghurt and remaining sumac in a small bowl.
348	4	Step 4	Cut the potatoes into 2cm-thick slices. Place in a bowl. Add the beans, onion and mint. Season with pepper. Combine.
348	5	Step 5	Preheat a barbecue grill or chargrill on high. Cook the chicken for 2 minutes each side or until lightly charred and cooked through.
348	6	Step 6	Divide the potato mixture and chicken among serving plates. Top with the yoghurt mixture and pistachio to serve.
349	1	Step 1	Place the noodles in a heatproof bowl and cover with boiling water. Set aside for  2 minutes, then drain and return to the bowl. Whisk the milk, eggs and flour together and toss through the noodles.
349	2	Step 2	Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a non-stick frying pan over medium heat. In batches, cook 1/4 cupfuls of the noodle mixture for 1-2 minutes each side, or until golden and cooked through.
349	3	Step 3	Remove the chicken from the bones and shred the meat. Heat the remaining oil in a non-stick frying pan over high heat. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the bean sprouts and stir-fry for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir through the oyster sauce. Season with pepper.
349	4	Step 4	Serve the noodle cakes topped with chicken, bean sprouts and coriander leaves.
350	1	Step 1	Place noodles in a heatproof bowl. Cover with boiling water. Stand for 1 minute or until just tender. Drain. Separate noodles and set aside.
350	2	Step 2	Heat a wok over high heat until hot. Add 1 tablespoon oil and swirl to coat. Add half the chicken. Stir-fry for 2 to 3 minutes or until light golden. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with oil and remaining chicken.
350	3	Step 3	Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in wok. Add green onions, garlic, baby corn and bok choy stems. Stir-fry for 1 minute. Return chicken and any juices to wok.
350	4	Step 4	To make the sauce, place kecap manis, honey, ginger and stock in a jug. Whisk with a fork until well combined. Add sauce, bok choy leaves and noodles. Stir-fry for 2 minutes or until heated through. Serve.
351	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Spread the  nuts over a baking tray and bake for 7 minutes or until lightly toasted. Set aside to cool. Coarsely chop.
351	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, spray a non-stick frying pan with olive oil spray to grease. Place over medium heat. Add chicken and cook for 8-10 minutes each side or until cooked through.
351	3	Step 3	Combine nuts, olives, lemon rind and parsley in a bowl. Drizzle over lemon juice and oil and combine.
351	4	Step 4	Divide the salad among serving plates. Top with chicken and serve.
352	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Heat oil in a roasting pan over medium heat. Add chicken and cook for 2 minutes each side or until golden. Transfer to a plate.
352	2	Step 2	Add onion, garlic and anchovies to the pan and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until onion softens and anchovies dissolve. Add the chicken and pour over the wine. Bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until wine reduces by half. Add tomato, tomato paste and olives and stir to combine. Remove from heat. Cover with foil. Bake for 30 minutes or until chicken is cooked through and sauce thickens. Remove from oven and add the broad beans. Set aside for 5 minutes to heat through.
352	3	Step 3	Spoon evenly among serving plates. Serve with pasta or rice, if desired.
353	1	Step 1	Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Cook chicken, in batches, for 3 minutes each side or until golden. Transfer to a plate.
353	2	Step 2	Add remaining oil to pan. Add garlic. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute, or until fragrant. Add flour. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Add wine. Stir until mixture is smooth. Stir in stock and dried tarragon. Return to heat. Cook, stirring, for 5 to 6 minutes or until mixture thickens. Return chicken to pan. Simmer, stirring often, for 12 minutes or until chicken is cooked through.
353	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, cook broad beans following packet directions, until tender. Drain. Peel broad beans and discard skins.
353	4	Step 4	Add cream and broad beans to chicken mixture. Cook for 3 minutes or until warmed through. Stir in fresh tarragon. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with risoni.
354	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220°C. Heat the oil in a large frying pan over high heat. Add one-third of the chicken and cook, turning, for 5 minutes or until browned. Transfer to a bowl. Repeat in 2 more batches.
354	2	Step 2	Add leek, bacon and garlic to pan and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until leek softens. Add flour and cook, stirring, for 1-2 minutes or until slightly browned. Return chicken to pan. Add stock and mustard and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium; cook for 5 minutes or until chicken is cooked and sauce thickens. Remove from heat. Add cream and broad beans. Season with salt and pepper.
354	3	Step 3	Spoon chicken mixture evenly among four 1 1/2-cup (375ml) capacity ramekins. Place on an oven tray. Use a 12cm diameter round pastry cutter to cut 4 discs from pastry. Brush with egg. Place a pastry disk over each ramekin and place in the oven. Bake for 15 minutes or until puffed and golden and pies are heated through.
354	4	Step 4	Serve with mixed salad leaves, if desired.
355	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220°C. Heat the oil in a large frying pan over high heat. Add one-quarter of the chicken and cook, turning occasionally, for 5 minutes or until brown all over. Transfer to a bowl. Repeat in 3 more batches with remaining chicken.
355	2	Step 2	Add the leek, bacon and garlic to the pan and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until leek softens. Return the chicken with the Heinz Big Red tomato soup and thickened cream. Cook, stirring, for 10 minutes or until sauce boils and thickens slightly and chicken is cooked through. Remove from heat. Add the broad beans and thyme and stir to combine. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Set aside for 30 minutes to cool slightly.
355	3	Step 3	Spoon chicken mixture evenly among four 1 1/2-cup (375ml) capacity ramekins. Place on an oven tray. Use a 15cm-diameter round pastry cutter to cut 4 discs from the pastry. Place a pastry disc over each ramekin to enclose filling. Lightly brush with egg and place on an oven tray.
355	4	Step 4	Bake in preheated oven for 15-20 minutes or until pastry is puffed and golden and pies are heated through. Serve immediately with mashed potato, if desired.
356	1	Step 1	Cook the fettuccine in a large saucepan of boiling salted water following packet directions, adding the broccoli florets in the last 4 mins of cooking. Drain, reserving 1/3 cup (80ml) of the cooking water. Refresh the broccoli under cold running water, drain and set aside.
356	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Cook the chicken for 5-6 mins each side or until cooked through. Transfer to a plate. Thickly slice.
356	3	Step 3	Process 1 garlic clove and almonds in a food processor until finely chopped. Add broccoli, parmesan and lemon juice and process until finely chopped. Add 1/4 cup (60ml) of the extra oil in a thin steady stream until well combined. Season with salt and pepper.
356	4	Step 4	Heat remaining extra oil in the same frying pan. Add tomato and cook for 2 mins. Add the remaining garlic and cook for 1 min. Add the fettuccine, chicken, broccoli pesto and reserved cooking water and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Divide between serving bowls and top with basil leaves and shaved parmesan.
357	1	Step 1	Combine hoisin sauce, garlic, ginger and dry sherry (if using) in a glass or ceramic bowl. Add chicken. Stir to coat. Cover. Refrigerate for 20 minutes.
357	2	Step 2	Heat a wok over high heat. Add 2 teaspoons oil. Swirl to coat. Add half the chicken mixture. Stir-fry for 2 to 3 minutes or until just cooked through. Transfer to a bowl. Repeat with oil and remaining chicken mixture.
357	3	Step 3	Heat remaining oil in wok. Swirl to coat. Add onion. Stir-fry for 1 to 2 minutes or until softened. Add broccolini and 1 tablespoon cold water. Cover for 30 seconds. Add corn. Stir-fry for 2 to 3 minutes or until broccolini is bright green and just tender. Return chicken and any juices to wok. Add noodles and cashews. Stir-fry for 1 to 2 minutes or until heated through. Serve.
358	1	Step 1	Combine chicken, cabbage, capsicum, carrot, onion and raisins in a bowl.
358	2	Step 2	Make yoghurt herb dressing Whisk yoghurt, 1/4 cup orange juice, vinegar, tarragon and salt and pepper in a bowl until well combined. Pour over salad. Toss to combine. Serve.
359	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220°C. Spray a frying pan with oil. Cook zucchini over medium heat for about 1 minute on each side, or until tender. Set aside.
359	2	Step 2	Use a serrated knife to slice Turkish bread in half horizontally. Spread 1 tablespoon of tomato pesto onto each half. Layer camembert, spinach leaves, chicken and zucchini on bottom half of bread. Season with salt and pepper before replacing top half of bread.
359	3	Step 3	Loosely wrap sub in foil, leaving top exposed. Bake for 10 minutes, or until bread is crisp and cheese has melted. Slice loaf into four pieces and serve with some rocket leaves.
360	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the chicken and cook, turning, for 8 minutes or until browned. Transfer to a plate.
360	2	Step 2	Reduce the heat to medium. Add the capsicum and garlic and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until capsicum softens slightly. Add the tomato paste and paprika and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic.
360	3	Step 3	Add the wine and cook for 3 minutes or until the liquid reduces slightly. Add the potato and stock and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 8 minutes or until the potato is tender.
360	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, cook the pasta in a large saucepan of salted boiling water following packet directions or until al dente. Drain. Return to the pan. Add the butter from the potato packet and stir to combine.
360	5	Step 5	Combine the creme fraiche or sour cream and cornflour in a small bowl. Add the chicken and the creme fraiche mixture to the capsicum mixture and simmer for 4 minutes or until the sauce thickens. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the parsley. 6. Divide the pasta among serving bowls. Top pasta with the chicken mixture and serve immediately.
361	1	Step 1	Preheat grill on high. Cook capsicum, skin-side up, under grill for 8 minutes or until charred and blistered. Transfer to a heatproof bowl. Cover and set aside for 5 minutes (this helps lift the skin). Peel. Thinly slice the flesh.
361	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat a large frying pan over high heat. Spray with oil. Cook half the chicken, stirring, for 2-3 minutes or until golden. Transfer to a large plate. Repeat with oil and remaining chicken, reheating the pan between batches.
361	3	Step 3	Reduce heat to medium. Spray the pan with oil. Cook the onion for 5 minutes or until soft. Add the garlic and paprika and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the chicken, tomato and water. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 15 minutes. Add the capsicum and honey. Simmer for 5 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through. Season with pepper.
361	4	Step 4	Divide the rice among serving bowls. Top with the chicken mixture and sprinkle with parsley.
362	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Heat the oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Add the onion and capsicum and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until the onion softens. Shred the meat from the chicken.
362	2	Step 2	Divide naan between two baking trays. Spread with mango chutney. Top with chicken and onion mixture. Bake for 10 minutes or until crisp and golden.
362	3	Step 3	Sprinkle the pizzas with coriander and top with a dollop of yoghurt. Serve.
363	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large frying pan over medium-low heat. Add leek, capsicums and garlic. Cover. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes or until soft.
363	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place potatoes in a saucepan. Cover with cold water. Bring to the boil over medium-high heat. Cook, uncovered, for 10 to 15 minutes or until potatoes are tender. Drain. Return to pan. Season with salt and pepper. Cover to keep warm.
363	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 200°C. Cut four 40cm pieces of baking paper. Spoon one-quarter of the chicken into centre of each piece of baking paper. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon over capsicum mixture. Top with sprig oregano. Fold paper edges and turn upwards to seal and form parcels.
363	4	Step 4	Place parcels, seam side up, on a baking tray. Bake for 30 minutes or until chicken is cooked. Serve with potatoes.
364	1	Step 1	Cook the pasta in a large saucepan of salted boiling water following packet directions. Drain and return to the pan.
364	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, remove the skin and bones from the chicken and discard. Shred the chicken.
364	3	Step 3	Add the chicken, dip and spinach to the pasta and toss to combine. Divide the pasta mixture among serving bowls. Top with parmesan.
365	1	Step 1	Cut chicken, capsicums and onion into thin strips and place in a bowl. Add lime rind, chilli and oil and season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine.
365	2	Step 2	Warm the tortillas following packet directions.
365	3	Step 3	Heat a chargrill pan to high. When it is hot, add the chicken mixture and cook for 2-3 minutes until charred (you may need to do these in batches, if so, keep the cooked batch warm in the oven). Stir in the lime juice and half the coriander.
365	4	Step 4	Spread tortillas with hummus, top with lettuce leaves, chicken and scatter with remaining coriander. Serve with sour cream.
366	1	Step 1	Heat 1 teaspoon oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Cook chicken for 2 minutes each side until browned. Set aside.
366	2	Step 2	Reduce heat to medium. Add remaining oil to pan. Add onion. Cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes or until softened. Add coriander, cumin, turmeric, ginger, fennel, chilli and garlic. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until fragrant. Add flour and carrots. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until combined. Add stock and tomato. Stir to combine. Return chicken to pan. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer, covered, for 45 minutes. Simmer, uncovered, for 30 minutes or until carrots are tender.
366	3	Step 3	Add chickpeas, olives and honey. Simmer for 15 minutes or until heated through and chicken is tender. Serve tagine on couscous. Sprinkle with coriander and almonds.
367	1	Step 1	Heat half the ghee in a large, deep frying pan over high heat. Add half the chicken and cook, turning occasionally, for 5 minutes or until brown all over. Transfer to a bowl. Repeat with remaining chicken.
367	2	Step 2	Heat remaining ghee in pan; add onion. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until onion softens. Add garlic, cumin, fennel, garam masala and curry leaves and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until fragrant. Add chicken and rice and stir to combine. Add stock and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low and cook, covered, for 10 minutes or until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed. Remove from heat and set aside, covered, for 10 minutes.
367	3	Step 3	Add cashews and use a fork to gently toss. Spoon among serving bowls. Top with coriander and natural yoghurt, if desired.
368	1	Step 1	Combine the chicken, cornflour, sesame oil and 1 tablespoon of the soy sauce in a medium bowl.
368	2	Step 2	Heat 3 teaspoons of the peanut oil in a wok over high heat until just smoking. Add the capsicum and green shallot and stir-fry for 1-2 minutes or until tender. Transfer to a heatproof bowl.
368	3	Step 3	Heat 3 teaspoons of remaining peanut oil in the wok over high heat. Add half the chicken mixture and stir-fry for 2-3 minutes or until brown. Transfer to a heatproof bowl. Repeat with the remaining oil and chicken mixture, reheating wok between batches.
368	4	Step 4	Return chicken mixture to the wok. Add the stock and the remaining soy sauce and cook until mixture boils. Return the capsicum mixture to the wok and stir-fry until heated through. Remove from heat. Add the cashews and toss to combine.
368	5	Step 5	Spoon the rice among serving bowls. Top with chicken & cashew stir-fry and serve with lime wedges, if desired.
369	1	Step 1	Combine the lime juice, fish sauce, soy sauce and sugar in a bowl.
369	2	Step 2	Heat half the oil in a wok over high heat until just smoking. Add the onion, garlic, chilli, shallot and lemon grass. Stir-fry for 2 minutes or until the onion softens. Transfer to a large heatproof bowl.
369	3	Step 3	Heat remaining oil in the wok over high heat. Add the cashews. Stir-fry for 2 minutes or until golden. Use a slotted spoon to transfer to the bowl.
369	4	Step 4	Add one-third of the chicken to the wok. Stir-fry for 4 minutes or until just starting to brown. Transfer to the bowl. Repeat, in 2 more batches, with the remaining chicken, reheating the wok between batches.
369	5	Step 5	Return the chicken and onion mixture to the wok. Add the fish sauce mixture and pepper. Stir-fry for 2 minutes or until heated through. Remove from heat. Remove and discard the lemon grass. Stir in three-quarters of the basil. Transfer to a serving platter and sprinkle with the remaining basil to serve.
370	1	Step 1	Cook the rice with stock powder, 1 tsp of the oil and 1 1/4 cups (310ml) water in a saucepan following packet directions.
370	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat half the remaining oil in a wok or pan over high heat. Stir-fry chicken, in batches, for 2-3 mins or until just cooked through. Transfer to a plate. Heat remaining oil in wok over medium-high heat. Stir-fry onion for 2 mins or until soft. Add capsicum and beans. Stir-fry for 2 mins or until beans are just tender. Combine stir-fry recipe base and ½ cup (125ml) water in a jug. Return chicken to wok with recipe base mixture and cashews. Stir-fry for 2 mins or until sauce thickens. Serve with rice, coriander and lime wedges.
371	1	Step 1	Process the cauliflower in batches into rice size pieces.
371	2	Step 2	Heat 1/2 teaspoon of oil in a large wok over high heat. Pour half of egg, swirling wok to make a large omelette. Cook for 1 minute or until set. Flip onto a clean board, roll up tightly and thinly slice. Repeat with another ½ teaspoon of oil and remaining egg to make another omelette.
371	3	Step 3	Heat 1 teaspoon of oil in same wok over medium-high heat. Stir-fry third of chicken for 3-4 minutes or until browned and cooked through. Repeat with another 2 teaspoons of oil and remaining chicken. Set aside. Heat remaining oil and stir-fry corn for 1 minute or until lightly charred. Add garlic, ginger and 2/3 of onion and stir-fry for 1-2 minutes or until fragrant and onion has softened. Add cauliflower, peas and snowpeas and stir-fry for 3 minutes or until well coated and hot. Return chicken to the wok with sauce if using and stir-fry until hot. Serve topped with omelette, chilli, coriander sprigs and remaining onion.
372	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180ÂºC. Place flour, and salt and pepper into a plastic bag. Shake to combine. Add chicken to bag. Toss to coat. Place chicken into an 8-cup capacity ovenproof casserole dish in a single layer.
372	2	Step 2	Melt butter in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook onion and bacon, stirring, for 5 minutes or until soft. Add to chicken. Add remaining flour (from bag) to frying pan. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute.
372	3	Step 3	Combine water and soup. Pour into frying pan, stirring until mixture just comes to the boil. Pour over chicken. Add carrots and celery. Stir to combine. Cover. Bake for 1 hour or until chicken is cooked through.
372	4	Step 4	Remove lid. Sprinkle with cheese. Bake, uncovered, for a further 10 minutes or until cheese is melted. Serve.
373	1	Step 1	Place chicken meat and taco sauce into a small bowl.  Mix to combine. Lay tortillas on a clean work surface.  Spread 2 tablespoons refried beans over each tortilla. Top with spinach leaves, chicken, capsicum and 1 tablespoon cheese. Roll up tortilla, tucking in ends, to enclose filling.
373	2	Step 2	Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a large frying pan on medium. Cook chimichangas, in batches, adding extra oil when needed, for 2-3 mins, turning, until golden all over.
373	3	Step 3	Drizzle remaining oil over lettuce wedges. Serve  chimichangas with lettuce, sour cream and lime wedges.
374	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220C. Lightly grease a roasting pan. Place a wire rack into roasting pan. Trim excess fat from chicken. Discard neck. Rinse chicken (including cavity) under cold running water. Pat-dry with paper towels. Season cavity with salt and pepper.
374	2	Step 2	Gently squeeze the juice from half the lemon over chicken, rubbing juice into skin. Place both lemon halves into chicken cavity. Tie legs together with kitchen string.
374	3	Step 3	Brush both sides of chicken with oil. Season chicken all over with salt and pepper. Place, breast-side up, onto rack in roasting pan. Roast for 1 hour or until juices run clear when chicken thigh is pierced with a skewer. Stand, covered, for 10 minutes.
374	4	Step 4	Remove skin and meat from chicken. Discard skin and bones. Roughly chop flesh.
374	5	Step 5	Preheat oven to 180C. Cook pasta in a large saucepan of boiling salted water, following packet directions, until just tender. Drain. Return to saucepan.
374	6	Step 6	Meanwhile, heat oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Add garlic and onion. Cook, stirring often, for 3 minutes or until tender. Add onion mixture, pasta sauce, chicken, 3/4 cup cheese and spinach to hot pasta. Season with salt and pepper. Toss gently until well combined.
374	7	Step 7	Spoon pasta mixture into a 7cm deep, 24cm x 19cm (base) baking dish. Top with remaining cheese. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden and heated through. Serve.
375	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Combine flour and salt and pepper on a plate. Lightly coat drumsticks in seasoned flour.
375	2	Step 2	Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook chicken, turning occasionally, for 5 to 6 minutes or until golden. Transfer to a shallow 8-cup capacity baking dish. Add chickpeas.
375	3	Step 3	Heat remaining oil in frying pan over medium-high heat. Add garlic and onion. Cook for 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, stock, sugar and salt and pepper. Reduce heat to medium. Simmer, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes until thickened slightly.
375	4	Step 4	Pour sauce over chicken, stirring to coat. Cover with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Remove foil and sprinkle with feta. Bake, uncovered, for 10 minutes or until feta has melted and chicken is cooked through. Sprinkle with parsley. Serve with couscous.
376	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large saucepan on medium. Saute onion for 2-3 mins until softened. Stir through chicken and curry paste and cook for 4-5 mins, stirring, until lightly browned.
376	2	Step 2	Add stock and potatoes and bring to the boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 20 mins until potatoes are tender and chicken is cooked through.
376	3	Step 3	Stir through chickpeas, coconut cream, beans and tomato. Simmer for 4-5 mins until vegetables are tender. Serve topped with coriander sprigs and yoghurt. Accompany with steamed rice and pappadums, if desired.
377	1	Step 1	Make Basic batter: Sift flour into a bowl. Make a well in the centre. Whisk milk and eggs together in a jug. Add egg mixture to flour. Whisk until smooth.
377	2	Step 2	Place chickpeas in a bowl. Mash until almost smooth. Stir chickpeas, chicken, coriander and lemon rind into batter.
377	3	Step 3	Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Using 1/4 cup mixture per fritter, cook 4 fritters for 3 minutes each side or until golden and cooked through. Repeat to make 12 fritters. Serve.
378	1	Step 1	Place the burghul in a heatproof bowl. Pour over the boiling water and set aside for 12 minutes or until soft. Drain and transfer to a large bowl.
378	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat the oil in a non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Add chicken and cook for 4-5 minutes each side or until cooked. Thickly slice.
378	3	Step 3	Add the chicken, chickpeas, mint, parsley, tomato and shallot to the burghul and combine. Add lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Arrange on a serving platter and serve with Lebanese bread.
379	1	Step 1	Heat oil in the pressure cooker over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic. Cook, stirring, for 2-3 minutes.
379	2	Step 2	Add tomato, stock, chicken, apricots, cumin, cinnamon and saffron. Season with salt and pepper. Stir to combine.
379	3	Step 3	Seal the pressure cooker. Place over high heat until steam escapes at a constant rate and there is a regular hissing sound. Reduce heat to low. Cook for 25 minutes. Release steam following manufacturer's instructions.
379	4	Step 4	Stir in the chickpeas, olives and lemon rind. Season with salt and pepper. Top with coriander. Serve with couscous and lemon wedges.
380	1	Step 1	Combine the mince, chestnut, shallot, basil, garlic, ginger, lime rind and juice, chilli and soy sauce in a glass bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 2 hours to develop the flavours.
380	2	Step 2	Place 6 wrappers on a clean work surface. Place 2 teaspoons of mince mixture in the centre of each wrapper. Fold up edges and pinch together to enclose filling and form a pouch. Place on a plate. Repeat, in 5 more batches, with the remaining wrappers and mince mixture.
380	3	Step 3	Place gow gee in a 30cm-diameter bamboo steamer. Add enough water to a wok to reach a depth of 5cm and bring to the boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-high. Place steamer over wok of simmering water (make sure the base of the steamer doesn't touch the water). Steam, covered, for 8-10 minutes or until cooked through. Remove from heat.
380	4	Step 4	Transfer gow gee to a serving platter. Serve immediately with chilli sauce.
381	1	Step 1	Heat half the oil in a wok over high heat until just smoking. Add the almonds and stir-fry for 1 minute or until golden. Transfer to a heatproof bowl.
381	2	Step 2	Add half the chicken to the wok and stir-fry for 2 minutes or until brown. Transfer the chicken to the bowl with the almonds. Repeat with the remaining chicken, reheating wok between batches.
381	3	Step 3	Heat the remaining oil in the wok. Add the onion, broccolini, chilli and garlic and stir-fry for 2 minutes or until the broccolini is bright green and tender crisp. Add almonds, chicken, shallot and chilli jam and stir-fry for 2 minutes or until heated through.
381	4	Step 4	Spoon the stir-fry among serving bowls. Sprinkle with basil and serve with steamed rice.
382	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Spread chicken over tray. Cook in oven for 8 minutes or until cooked. Remove from oven and cover with foil to keep warm.
382	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place beans, tomato, chilli and coriander in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook for 5 minutes or until hot.
382	3	Step 3	Place tacos on a baking tray. Cook in oven for 5 minutes or until crisp.
382	4	Step 4	To serve, spoon bean mixture among tacos. Top with chicken, cheddar and lettuce and a dollop of sour cream.
383	1	Step 1	Heat 1 teaspoon of the oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the chorizo and cook, turning occasionally, for 2 minutes or until crisp. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel.
383	2	Step 2	Heat the remaining oil in the pan. Add half the chicken and cook for 2 minutes or until browned. Transfer to the plate. Repeat with remaining chicken.
383	3	Step 3	Add the onion to the pan and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until soft. Add the garlic and paprika and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add the chorizo, chicken, tomato, water, capsicum and olives. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer, covered, for 10 minutes or until chicken is cooked through. Stir in half the parsley. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Divide among serving plates and sprinkle with the remaining parsley. Serve with bread and mixed salad leaves.
384	1	Step 1	Combine chicken, chorizo, rosemary and oil in a large glass or ceramic bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 1 hour to develop the flavours.
384	2	Step 2	Thread the chicken and chorizo alternately onto the skewers.
384	3	Step 3	Preheat a barbecue or chargrill on medium-high. Cook the kebabs, turning occasionally, for 7 minutes or until chicken is just cooked through.
384	4	Step 4	Serve with the spiced peach relish.
385	1	Step 1	Heat a large saucepan over high heat. Add the chorizo and cook, stirring, for 5 mins or until browned. Use a slotted spoon to transfer to a plate.
385	2	Step 2	Add the onion, carrot, celery, zucchini and garlic to the pan and cook, stirring, for 5 mins or until onion softens. Return the chorizo to the pan. Add the tomato, stock and chicken breast. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 mins or until chicken is cooked through. Transfer the chicken to a plate and coarsely shred.
385	3	Step 3	Add the pasta and shredded chicken to the soup. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 6-7 mins or until pasta is tender. Remove from heat. Stir in the spinach and season with salt and pepper.
385	4	Step 4	Ladle soup among serving bowls. Sprinkle with lemon zest and parsley and serve with crusty bread.
386	1	Step 1	Combine the chicken stock, wine and saffron in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer. Remove from heat and set aside.
386	2	Step 2	Heat a large frying pan or paella pan over high heat. Add the chorizo and cook, turning occasionally, for 2-3 minutes or until golden. Transfer to a plate. Add half the chicken to the pan and cook, turning occasionally, for 2-3 minutes or until brown and heated through. Transfer to the plate. Repeat with remaining chicken.
386	3	Step 3	Add the onion and capsicum to the pan and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until onion softens. Add the tomato and paprika and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Return the chorizo and chicken and stir to combine. Sprinkle over the rice and pour over the chicken stock mixture. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and cook, uncovered, for 15 minutes or until rice is tender and liquid is almost absorbed. Scatter the peas over the rice and cook, covered, for 5 minutes or until liquid is absorbed. Remove from heat. Sprinkle with parsley. Serve immediately.
387	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200C or 180C fan-forced.
387	2	Step 2	In large saucepan, heat water and salt to a simmer, turn off heat and add saffron.
387	3	Step 3	Place large ovenproof frying pan or paella pan over high heat and add oil. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Once oil is hot, add chicken and brown on all sides, for about 5 mins. Remove chicken from pan, reduce heat to medium high and return pan to the heat.
387	4	Step 4	Cook onion, garlic and capsicum for 2 mins, or until softened. Add chorizo and cook for 1-2 mins.
387	5	Step 5	Stir in rice, then paprika, and cook for 2 mins, or until pan is dry and rice is coated with oil.
387	6	Step 6	Add warmed saffron water to the pan and stir to evenly combine. Add the chicken back to the pan, arranging in a single layer, evenly spaced and bring to a simmer over high heat.
387	7	Step 7	Once pan comes to a full simmer, remove from heat, sprinkle with tomato and season with salt and pepper. Place in oven and cook, uncovered, for 25-30 mins, or until the rice is tender and chicken is cooked through. A sign of a good paella is crisp rice around the sides of the pan.
387	8	Step 8	Stand for a few mins before serving. Garnish with spring onion and lemon wedges.
388	1	Step 1	Combine chicken, oil, garlic, oregano, paprika, lemon juice and sugar in a bowl. Place in the fridge for 2 hours to marinate.
388	2	Step 2	Evenly thread the chicken, alternating with chorizo, among the skewers.
388	3	Step 3	Heat a char-grill pan or barbecue on high. Add the skewers and cook, turning, for 6-8 minutes or until chicken is cooked through. Serve with bread rolls and mixed salad leaves, if desired.
389	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220C/200C fan-forced. Heat a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add chorizo. Cook, turning, for 2 minutes or until browned. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel.  Sprinkle both sides of chicken with paprika. Add chicken to pan. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes each side or until golden. Transfer to a baking tray lined with baking paper. Drizzle with golden syrup. Add red onion, capsicum, cherry tomatoes and chorizo to tray. Transfer to oven.
389	2	Step 2	Bake for 20 minutes or until chicken is cooked through and vegetables are tender. Drizzle with vinegar and sprinkle with parsley. Serve with crusty bread.
390	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Cook noodles in saucepan of boiling water for 2 to 3 minutes. Drain. Cut 4 pieces of baking paper large enough to enclose fillets.
390	2	Step 2	Place one-quarter of noodles near one end of each piece of baking paper. Top each noodle stack with a chicken fillet, stir-fry sauce and choy sum leaves.
390	3	Step 3	Combine ginger, carrot and choy sum stalks, then layer on chicken. Drizzle 1 tablespoon stock over each stack. Wrap baking paper over to enclose filling. Place on baking tray and cook for 15 to 20 minutes.
390	4	Step 4	Serve with a wedge of lime.
391	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Cook the onion, stirring, for 5 minutes or until browned. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add the chicken and cook, stirring, for 3-5 minutes or until browned.
391	2	Step 2	Add the wine. Cook for 2 minutes or until the liquid reduces slightly. Add the passata, honey and cinnamon. Simmer, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until chicken is cooked through and the sauce thickens. Stir in the parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside to cool completely.
391	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 220ºC. Place the filo sheets on a clean work surface. Cover with a clean tea towel then a damp tea towel (this prevents it from drying out). Brush 1 filo sheet with melted butter. Top with another filo sheet. Brush with melted butter. Repeat with 4 more filo sheets and melted butter. Cut in half crossways. Place one-quarter of chicken mixture in the centre of 1 filo stack. Fold edges, overlapping, over the chicken mixture to enclose. Brush with melted butter. Repeat with the remaining filo, melted butter and chicken mixture to make 4 parcels.
391	4	Step 4	Line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Place the parcels, seam-side down, on the prepared tray. Bake for 20 minutes or until golden. Dust with extra cinnamon.
392	1	Step 1	Pour 1/3 cup coconut cream into a wok and stir over medium heat until separated and oily looking. Add curry paste and stir for 2-3 minutes or until fragrant. Add eggplant and cook for 1 minute. Add chicken, lime leaves, carrot, bamboo shoots, fish sauce, sugar, remaining coconut cream and 3/4 cup water and bring to a simmer.
392	2	Step 2	Reduce heat to low-medium and simmer gently for 10 minutes or until chicken and vegetables are tender. Serve curry scattered with basil and chilli, on top of steamed jasmine rice.
393	1	Step 1	Cut stems from pak choy leaves. Reserve leaves. Thinly slice stems. Cut three 1cm-deep slits into the top of each chicken breast. Combine ginger, chilli, lemongrass and lime leaves in a bowl.
393	2	Step 2	Place baking paper on workbench. Arrange pak choy leaves in centre of each piece of paper. Top with pak choy stems and chicken. Sprinkle with ginger mixture. Drizzle each with 1 tablespoon coconut milk. Fold up baking paper to enclose   filling. Secure with kitchen string.
393	3	Step 3	Place parcels on microwave turntable. Microwave on medium-high (75%) for 6 to 7 minutes or until cooked through. Set aside for 2 minutes.
393	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, cook rice following packet directions. Carefully unwrap parcels. Remove and discard lemongrass and lime leaves. Slice chicken. Serve with steamed rice, vegetables and parcel juices.
394	1	Step 1	Place the lemongrass, kaffir lime leaves, galangal, coconut milk and chicken stock in a large saucepan over low heat. Cook, covered, for 1 hour to develop the flavours.
394	2	Step 2	Add the chicken to the stock mixture and cook, covered, for 10 minutes or until chicken is cooked through. Use a slotted spoon to transfer chicken to a heatproof bowl. Set aside for 10 minutes to cool slightly. Shred the chicken with your fingers.
394	3	Step 3	Pour the stock mixture though a fine sieve into a clean saucepan. Discard the lemongrass mixture. Place over medium heat and add the chicken, fish sauce, lime juice, palm sugar and carrot. Cook for 2-3 minutes or until heated though.
394	4	Step 4	Ladle soup among serving bowls. Top with green onion, chilli slices and shredded kaffir lime leaves, if desired.
395	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200C/180C fan-forced. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Pat potatoes dry with paper towel. Pierce all over with a fork. Place on prepared tray. Drizzle with oil. Season with salt and pepper.
395	2	Step 2	Roast for 1 hour 15 minutes or until golden and tender. Stand potatoes for 5 to 10 minutes or until cool enough to handle.
395	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, combine cabbages, carrot, onion, celery and chicken in a bowl. Combine dill, mayonnaise and lemon juice in a small jug. Season with pepper. Add to cabbage mixture. Toss to combine.
395	4	Step 4	Using a small knife, cut a cross in top of each potato. Gently squeeze base of each potato to open top. Place on plates. Top with coleslaw. Sprinkle with extra dill.
396	1	Step 1	Bake 4 bread rolls following packet directions. Cut a slit in the top of each roll to make a pocket, leaving the ends intact. Scoop out the centre of each roll. Discard. Combine coleslaw, 1 tablespoon coleslaw dressing and chicken in a bowl. Divide the chicken mixture among the rolls.
397	1	Step 1	Place the tomatoes in a small heatproof bowl and cover with boiling water. Set aside for 5 minutes to soak. Drain. Thinly slice.
397	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, whisk together the mayonnaise, mustard, lemon juice and water in a bowl until well combined. Season with salt and pepper.
397	3	Step 3	Place the coleslaw, snow peas, chicken, basil and avocado in a bowl. Toss to combine. Add the tomato and dressing, and toss to combine.
397	4	Step 4	Divide the coleslaw mixture among serving dishes. Sprinkle with extra basil to serve.
398	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook tortillas, 2 at a time, for 30 seconds each side or until golden and crisp. Drain on paper towel.
398	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, combine the chicken, coleslaw, radish and chilli in a large bowl. Season. Squeeze over the lime juice. Toss to combine.
398	3	Step 3	Spread the avocado over each tortilla. Place on a plate. Top with the chicken salad, sprinkle over the coriander and drizzle with aioli.
399	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180 C.
399	2	Step 2	Heat the ricebran oil in a large frying pan over a moderately high heat. Sauté the onion and garlic for 2 minutes or until translucent. Add the chicken, thyme and oregano and toss over the heat for 2 minutes or until the chicken begins to colour but is not cooked through. Transfer the onions and chicken to a large mixing bowl.
399	3	Step 3	Stir the rice and creamed corn into the chicken. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Pour the rice mixture into a greased, 8 cup capacity baking dish.
399	4	Step 4	Toss the bread cubes, cheese and extra oil together in a mixing bowl and scatter over the rice mixture evenly. Bake for 30 minutes or until golden brown. Serve with a green salad.
400	1	Step 1	Melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat until foaming. Add the flour and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until the mixture bubbles and begins to come away from the side of pan. Gradually add the milk, whisking constantly, until combined. Cook, stirring, for 3-5 minutes or until the sauce thickens and comes to the boil. Simmer for 1 minute. Stir in the cheddar. Season with salt and pepper. Add the chicken, corn and chives and combine.
400	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, warm the crepes following packet directions or until heated through.
400	3	Step 3	Divide the chicken mixture among the crepes. Roll up firmly to enclose filling. Serve immediately with spinach leaves.
401	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 170°C. Lightly grease and line a square 20cm (base measurement) cake pan with non-stick baking paper.
401	2	Step 2	Place butter and chocolate in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan of boiling water (make sure the bowl doesn't touch the water). Stir occasionally until the chocolate mixture melts and is smooth. Remove from heat and set aside.
401	3	Step 3	Sift flour, baking powder and cocoa into a large bowl. Pour the chocolate mixture into the flour mixture. Add eggs, cranberries and brown sugar, stirring with a large spoon until combined. Pour the mixture into the lined cake pan. Cook for 35 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out slightly sticky. Set aside in the pan for 10 minutes to cool then transfer to a wire rack. Slice and serve warm or at room temperature.
402	1	Step 1	Using an electric mixer, beat cream and drinking chocolate until stiff peaks form.
402	2	Step 2	Spread 2 tablespoons cream mixture along a plate. Sandwich biscuits together with half the remaining cream mixture. Assemble biscuits upright on prepared plate to form a log. Spread remaining cream mixture over top and sides of log. Cover and refrigerate overnight (see note).
402	3	Step 3	Top cake with chocolate curls. Slice on an angle to create a striped effect. Serve.
403	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Grease a 4cm deep, 16cm x 26cm (base) slab pan. Line with baking paper, allowing a 2cm overhang at both long ends.
403	2	Step 2	Place chocolate in a heatproof, microwave-safe bowl. Microwave, uncovered, on MEDIUM (50%) for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring every minute with a metal spoon, or until almost melted. Stir until smooth.
403	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, using electric beaters, cream butter and brown sugar until pale. Add 3 eggs, 1 at a time, mixing until well combined (mixture may curdle slightly). Sift flour, cocoa and baking powder over butter mixture and fold in until almost combined. Add melted chocolate and mix well. Transfer to another bowl.
403	4	Step 4	Rinse beaters and bowl. Beat cream cheese, caster sugar and vanilla until soft and creamy. Add remaining egg and beat for a further 2 minutes. Spread half the chocolate mixture over base of prepared pan. Using half the cheese mixture, drop heaped teaspoons cheese mixture over the top. Cover with remaining chocolate mixture. Dollop over remaining cheese mixture. Using a flat-bladed knife, swirl mixture to create a rippled effect. Bake for 40 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre has moist crumbs clinging. Allow to cool in pan. Use paper to lift out slice. Cut into pieces and serve.
404	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 180°C. Grease and line the base of a 20cm round or square cake pan.
404	2	Step 2	Cream together butter and sugar with electric beaters in a large bowl until pale. Add eggs one at a time, beating after each addition, then add vanilla. Sift in combined flour and cocoa, add the milk and stir until ingredients are well combined. Pour into the prepared pan and set aside.
404	3	Step 3	To make the vanilla cream topping, place cream cheese in a bowl and beat until smooth, add the sugar and beat to combine. Beat in remaining ingredients then spread over the cake mixture in the pan. Bake for 40 minutes or until a skewer inserted into centre comes out clean. Cool completely in pan, slice into squares and serve.
405	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Place the cream and half the brown sugar in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat. Add the vanilla bean and seeds to the pan. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until the mixture comes to a simmer. Add the chocolate. Set aside for 5 minutes or until the chocolate melts. Whisk until smooth.
405	2	Step 2	Whisk the remaining brown sugar and egg yolks in a large bowl until just combined. Whisk the chocolate mixture into the egg mixture. Strain through a fine sieve into a large heatproof jug.
405	3	Step 3	Line the base of a roasting pan with a tea towel, folded to fit. Place six 185ml (3/4-cup) capacity ovenproof ramekins in the pan. Divide the chocolate mixture among the ramekins. Pour enough boiling water into the roasting pan to reach halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake for 25 minutes or until almost set. Remove the ramekins from the roasting pan and set aside for 2 hours to cool. Cover the custards with plastic wrap and place in the fridge overnight to chill.
405	4	Step 4	Preheat grill on high. Sprinkle the caster sugar evenly over the top of the custards. Cook under grill for 2 minutes or until the sugar melts and caramelises. Place in the fridge for 20 minutes or until the caramel sets. Serve.
406	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 150C/130C fan forced. Place the cream and chocolate in a saucepan and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until melted and smooth. Set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly.
406	2	Step 2	Place the egg yolks and sugar in a large bowl and whisk until thick and pale. Whisk the chocolate mixture into the egg mixture, then strain through a fine sieve into a large jug.
406	3	Step 3	Line the base of a roasting pan with a tea towel, folded over to fit neatly in the base. Place six 185ml (3/4 cup) ovenproof ramekins in the pan. Divide chocolate mixture among the ramekins.
406	4	Step 4	Pour enough boiling water into the pan to reach halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake for 35-40 minutes or until the custard is just set and still has a slight wobble.
406	5	Step 5	Remove the ramekins from the roasting pan and set aside for 2 hours to cool. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge overnight to chill.
406	6	Step 6	Sprinkle the creme brulees with the extra sugar. Use a cook’s blowtorch to caramelise the top. Set aside for 5 minutes to cool before serving.
407	1	Step 1	Mix flour, sugar, eggs, yolks and milk in a blender or food processor until smooth, then pour into a jug and stand for 30 minutes. Just before cooking, stir 40g melted butter (2 tablespoons) through the batter.
407	2	Step 2	Heat an 18cm crepe pan or non-stick frypan over medium-high heat. Brush with extra melted butter, add enough batter to coat base, swirl to cover, then tip out any excess. Cook for 45 seconds, then flip and cook for 30 seconds more or until golden. Repeat with butter and remaining batter (you should have about 20 crepes), stacking with baking paper in between. The crepes can be made 2 days ahead, then wrapped in foil and refrigerated, or frozen for up to 1 month. If frozen, defrost at room temperature for 1 hour.
407	3	Step 3	For the filling, melt the chocolate in a heatproof bowl over a pan of simmering water (ensure bowl doesn't touch water). Stir in butter, milk, cream, coffee and sugar, then whisk until mixture is smooth and sugar dissolves. Remove from heat, cover and set aside for 20-30 minutes until mixture cools and thickens.
407	4	Step 4	Lightly grease an 18cm springform pan. Reserve 1/3 cup of filling for later. Place a crepe in pan and spread with a little filling. Continue layering, finishing with a crepe.  Cover cake with foil and chill for 1 hour.
407	5	Step 5	Preheat oven to 180°C.
407	6	Step 6	Place cake pan on a baking tray and heat gently for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, reheat remaining filling in a heatproof bowl over a pan of simmering water for 2-3 minutes until warm. Serve cake drizzled with filling and pure cream.
408	1	Step 1	Sift flour and cocoa into a bowl. Stir in sugar. Whisk egg, oil and milk together in a jug. Gradually add egg mixture to flour mixture, whisking until smooth and combined. Cover. Set aside for 30 minutes.
408	2	Step 2	Spray an 18cm (base) non-stick frying pan with oil. Heat over medium heat. Pour 1/4 cup batter into pan. Swirl to cover base. Cook for 2 minutes or until light golden. Turn. Cook for 1 minute. Transfer to a plate. Cover to keep warm. Repeat with remaining mixture to make 8 crepes.
408	3	Step 3	Make sauce Place chocolate and cream in a saucepan over low heat. Cook and smooth. Remove from heat. Stir in coconut and cherries. Set aside for 10 minutes to thicken slightly.
408	4	Step 4	Serve crepes with sauce and Cherry Ripe.
409	1	Step 1	Sift the flour and cocoa powder into a large bowl. Make a well in the centre. Whisk together the milk and eggs in a jug. Add the milk mixture to the flour mixture, whisking constantly until smooth. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 20 minutes to rest.
409	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, use a zester to remove the rind from the oranges. (Alternatively, use a vegetable peeler to peel the rind from the orange. Use a small sharp knife to remove white pith from rind. Cut rind into very thin strips.) Juice the oranges (you will need 100ml orange juice).
409	3	Step 3	Heat an 18-20cm (base measurement) crepe pan or non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Brush with melted butter to lightly grease. Add 2 tablespoons of batter and tilt the pan in a circular motion, swirling the batter to cover the base. Cook for 2 minutes or until the edge begins to curl.
409	4	Step 4	Turn and cook for a further 1 minute or until golden. Transfer to a plate and cover with a clean tea towel to keep warm. Repeat, in 7 more batches, with melted butter and remaining batter, reheating the pan between batches.
409	5	Step 5	Melt the extra butter in a frying pan over medium heat until foaming. Stir in the sugar, orange rind and orange juice. Bring to a simmer. Cook for 3 minutes or until the sauce thickens slightly.
409	6	Step 6	Divide the crepes among serving plates. Top with ice-cream and spoon over the sauce. Serve immediately.
410	1	Step 1	Sift flour and cocoa into a bowl. Whisk milk, caster sugar and eggs together in a jug. Whisk milk mixture into flour mixture.
410	2	Step 2	Spray an 18cm (base) non-stick frying pan with oil. Heat over medium heat. Pour 1/4 cup batter into pan. Swirl to cover base. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until light golden. Turn. Cook for 1 minute. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with remaining batter.
410	3	Step 3	Make raspberry cream filling: Place cream in a bowl. Fold in raspberries and sugar until just combined. Fold crepes in half. Top each with 1 heaped tablespoon of raspberry cream. Fold over to enclose filling. Serve dusted with icing sugar.
411	1	Step 1	Combine the raspberries, sugar and water in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Cover and cook for 5 minutes or until raspberries are soft. Transfer to a fine sieve over a bowl. Set aside for 30 minutes to drain. Set syrup aside to cool.
411	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, combine the flour, cocoa and extra sugar in the bowl of a food processor. Whisk the egg, milk and butter in a bowl. With the motor running, add the egg mixture to the flour mixture. Process until smooth. Transfer to a jug. Cover. Set aside for 30 minutes to rest.
411	3	Step 3	Place the chocolate and cream in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan half-filled with simmering water (make sure the bowl doesn't touch the water). Stir with a metal spoon until the chocolate melts and the mixture is smooth. Set aside to cool slightly.
411	4	Step 4	Heat a crepe pan or 18cm (base measurement) non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Brush with melted butter to lightly grease. Add 2 tablespoons of batter and tilt the pan in a circular motion, swirling the batter to cover the base. Cook for 2 minutes or until the edge begins to curl. Turn and cook for a further 1-2 minutes or until light golden. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil to keep warm. Repeat, in 11 more batches, with melted butter and the remaining batter.
411	5	Step 5	Divide the crepes among serving plates. Spread the chocolate mixture over one-half of each crepe. Fold into quarters. Top with cream. Drizzle over the raspberry syrup to serve.
412	1	Step 1	Lightly grease a 5cm deep, 17cm x 26cm ovenproof dish.
412	2	Step 2	Place croissants in dish. Whisk eggs, cream, milk and sugar in a jug until combined. Pour over croissant pieces. Cover and stand at room temperature (if it's a very warm day, place in the fridge) for 1 hour.
412	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 180°C. Bake pudding for 40 to 45 minutes or until custard is set. Dust lightly with icing sugar. Serve warm.
413	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Line a baking tray with baking paper.
413	2	Step 2	Cut each sheet of pastry into 4 squares. Spread 1 tablespoon chocolate-hazelnut spread over each square, leaving a 1.5cm border around all edges.
413	3	Step 3	Brush pastry edges lightly with egg. Roll up each square from corner to corner, pressing gently to seal. Shape pastry rolls into croissants. Place on prepared tray. Brush with egg.
413	4	Step 4	Bake for 20 minutes or until pastry is golden and puffed. Serve warm.
414	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Using a small knife, cut a horizontal slit in the back of each frozen croissant, not quite cutting all the way through. Break chocolate into marked squares then cut each square in half. Stuff 2 halves into each croissant. Place croissants on a baking paper-lined oven tray then brush lightly with egg. Bake for 10-12 minutes or until heated through and golden. Stand for 5-10 minutes then serve with hot chocolate.
414	2	Step 2	Do ahead: Croissants can be stuffed with chocolate up to 1 day ahead, then returned to the freezer until ready to cook. (Take care not to thaw them.)
415	1	Step 1	Place yeast, sugar and warm water in a jug. Whisk with a fork until yeast has dissolved. Stand in a warm place for 10 minutes or until frothy.
415	2	Step 2	Sift flour into a large bowl. Stir in salt, yeast mixture and olive oil. Mix to form a soft dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead dough for 10 to 15 minutes or until smooth and elastic. Place in a large, lightly greased bowl. Cover and set aside in a warm place for 1 hour or until doubled in size.
415	3	Step 3	Using your fist, punch dough down. Knead until smooth.
415	4	Step 4	Meanwhile preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced.  Grease a 6cm-deep, 10cm x 20cm (base) loaf pan well with olive oil cooking spray or olive oil. Roll dough into a 20cm x 30cm rectangle. Combine 1/4 cup sugar, cinnamon, 1 tablespoon cold water and chocolate in a bowl.
415	5	Step 5	Spread chocolate mixture over dough. Starting from the short end closest to you, roll up like a Swiss roll. Place in prepared pan.
415	6	Step 6	Cover with lightly greased plastic wrap. Set aside in a warm place for 30 to 40 minutes or until dough has almost doubled in size. Brush dough top with egg. While dough rises, rub flour, butter and remaining sugar together in a bowl until mixture resembles coarse breadcrumbs. After brushing with egg, sprinkle with crumble topping. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes. Turn bread, top side up, onto a wire rack to cool. Serve at room temperature.
416	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Line 18 x 1/3-cup (80ml) capacity muffin pans with paper cases.
416	2	Step 2	Combine the chocolate and water in a small saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.
416	3	Step 3	Use an electric mixer to beat the butter and sugar until pale and creamy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well between each addition, until just combined. Add the flours and cocoa powder and stir until just combined. Add the melted chocolate mixture and stir to combine. Spoon evenly among the lined muffin pans. Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes or until a skewer inserted in the centre comes out clean. Remove from oven and transfer to a wire rack to cool.
416	4	Step 4	To make the chocolate sour cream ganache, place the chocolate and sour cream in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan of simmering water. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth and glossy. Spread over each cake and set aside to set.
417	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C. Line 20 holes of cupcake pans with paper cases. Place butter in the bowl of an electric mixer. Add sugar and vanilla, then beat for 3 minutes or until pale and fluffy. Crack 1 egg into a small bowl. Slide egg into butter mixture and beat for 3 minutes or until well combined. Repeat process with remaining 2 eggs.
417	2	Step 2	Sift flour and cocoa into a large bowl. Using a hand-held whisk, whisk flour and cocoa to combine. Add half the flour mixture to butter mixture and beat on low speed until combined. Add buttermilk and beat until combined. Add remaining flour mixture and beat on low speed until a smooth batter forms.
417	3	Step 3	Spoon 2 level tablespoons of batter into each paper case. Bake cupcakes for 20 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Place cupcake pans on a wire rack to cool for 10 minutes. Carefully remove cupcakes from pan and place on the wire rack to cool completely.
417	4	Step 4	Place 5cm water in a saucepan and bring to the boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low so water is simmering. Place white chocolate melts in a heatproof bowl. Place bowl over saucepan. Make sure water does not touch bowl. Cook, stirring frequently, for 3 minutes or until chocolate melts. Carefully remove bowl from saucepan and set aside.
417	5	Step 5	Place butter and icing sugar in the clean bowl of electric mixer. Beat on low speed to combine, then increase speed to medium and beat for 4 minutes. Add vanilla and milk, and beat for a further 2 minutes or until mixture is very pale and fluffy.
417	6	Step 6	Add melted chocolate to bowl and beat on low speed until combined. Increase speed to medium and beat for 1 minute or until mixture is light and fluffy. Place piping bag with nozzle in an empty glass. Spoon mixture into piping bag.
417	7	Step 7	Pipe buttercream in a swirl pattern on top of each cupcake while the buttercream is still soft. Decorate with chocolate buttons and cachous to serve.
418	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160C. Line 20 x 1/3 -cup (80ml) capacity muffin pans with patty cases. Combine the chocolate and water in a small saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring, for 5 mins or until chocolate melts and the mixture is smooth. Set aside for 15 mins to cool.
418	2	Step 2	Use an electric mixer to beat the butter and sugar until pale and creamy. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the chocolate mixture and stir to combine. Add the combined flour and cocoa powder and stir to combine. Divide the mixture evenly among prepared pans. Bake for 20 mins or until a skewer inserted in the centres comes out clean. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
418	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, to make the chocolate sauce, combine the chocolate, cream and sugar in a small saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring, for 5 mins or until the chocolate melts and the sauce thickens slightly. Set aside to cool completely.
418	4	Step 4	To make the Oreo buttercream, place the Mini Oreos in a food processor and process until fine crumbs form. Use an electric mixer to beat the butter until very pale. Gradually add the icing sugar, beating well after each addition. Add the milk and beat to combine. Add the white chocolate and beat to combine. Add the Oreo crumbs and beat until well combined.
418	5	Step 5	Spoon the buttercream into a piping bag fitted with a 2cm fluted nozzle. Pipe the icing onto each cupcake. Drizzle each cupcake with chocolate sauce and top with a Mini Oreo to decorate.
419	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Brush a square 20cm (base measurement) cake pan with melted butter to lightly grease. Line the base and sides with non-stick baking paper.
419	2	Step 2	Place the cooking chocolate and water in a small saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring with a metal spoon, for 2 minutes or until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Remove from heat and set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly.
419	3	Step 3	Use an electric beater to beat together the butter and sugar in a large bowl until pale and creamy. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition until combined. Stir in the hazelnut meal, flours, cocoa and chocolate mixture until combined. Spoon mixture into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 1 1/2 hours or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Remove from oven and turn onto a wire rack to cool completely.
419	4	Step 4	To decorate: To make the chocolate ganache, place the chocolate and cream in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan half-filled with simmering water (make sure the bowl doesn't touch the water) and stir until melted and smooth. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour or until mixture is thick and spreadable.
419	5	Step 5	To make the chocolate panels, cut non-stick baking paper into two 8 x 45cm strips. Place the dark chocolate melts in a medium heatproof bowl over a saucepan half-filled with simmering water (make sure the bowl doesn't touch the water) and stir with a metal spoon for 5 minutes or until chocolate melts and is smooth. Place half the chocolate in a small jug and pour along the strips of baking paper. Use a palate knife to spread the chocolate in a corrugated pattern across the paper. Set aside for 30 minutes to set.
419	6	Step 6	To make the chocolate curls, add half the oil to remaining melted chocolate and stir until well combined. Spread chocolate evenly over a clean work surface or marble board and set aside for 15 minutes or until set. Run an ice-cream scoop along the surface of the chocolate to create curls. Repeat with white chocolate melts and remaining oil to make white-chocolate curls.
419	7	Step 7	Place the cake on a serving platter. Use a small palate knife to spread the ganache evenly over the top and sides of the cake. Use a small sharp knife to cut the set chocolate strips crossways into 5cm panels. Attach chocolate panels to the side of the cake. Arrange dark and white chocolate curls over the top of the cake to decorate.
420	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Place the water and butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, for 3-4 minutes or until butter melts and mixture just comes to the boil.
420	2	Step 2	Add all the flour at once and use a wooden spoon to beat until well combined. Place over low heat and cook, stirring, for 1-2 minutes or until mixture comes away from the side of the pan. Set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly. Whisk eggs in a bowl. Gradually add the egg to the flour mixture, beating well between additions. Add enough egg to form a paste that just falls from the spoon but holds its shape.
420	3	Step 3	Line an oven tray with baking paper. Spoon teaspoonsful of mixture on to tray. Brush tops with any remaining egg. Bake for 15-20 minutes or until puffed and golden. Remove from oven and turn off heat. Use a knife to cut a small hole in the base of each profiterole to release the steam. Return to tray and return to oven for 10 minutes or until dry.
420	4	Step 4	To make creme patissiere, place the milk in a saucepan over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Meanwhile, whisk egg yolks, caster sugar, flour and cocoa in a bowl. Gradually add the hot milk to the egg mixture, whisking, until well combined. Return to a clean saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until custard boils and thickens. Remove from heat and directly cover surface with baking paper. Set aside to cool.
420	5	Step 5	To make the mocha sauce, combine the chocolate, coffee and cream in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan of simmering water and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until smooth.
420	6	Step 6	Use a small knife to cut profiteroles in half. Spoon the creme patissiere among profiteroles and top with lids. Drizzle with mocha sauce to serve.
421	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Half-fill a roasting pan with water and place on lower shelf in oven. Grease and line a 22cm springform pan. Grease lined pan.
421	2	Step 2	Combine butter and chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl and place over a saucepan of simmering water for 5 minutes, without stirring, until chocolate melts. Use a spatula to stir to combine. Remove from heat and set aside.
421	3	Step 3	Use an electric mixer to whisk eggs and sugar in a bowl for six minutes until thick and pale. Sift flour over egg mixture and use a spatula to gently fold until just combined. Add chocolate and stir until just combined. Pour in prepared cake pan.
421	4	Step 4	Bake on middle rack of preheated oven for 40 minutes or until set. Remove from oven and place on a wire rack to cool.
421	5	Step 5	Carefully invert cake on to a cake stand. Dust with cocoa powder to serve.
422	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Grease and line a 20cm x 30cm lamington pan with baking paper. Beat butter and sugar together in an electric mixer until thick and pale. Beat in 1 egg yolk. Sift in flour and cocoa, then gently fold to combine. Spread into the prepared pan and bake for 15 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out with a few moist crumbs. Cool.
422	2	Step 2	Place 300ml cream in a saucepan over medium heat and bring to just below boiling point. Remove from heat, then add chocolate, stirring until melted. Cool slightly, then whisk in remaining 2 yolks.
422	3	Step 3	Soak gelatine in cold water for 5 minutes to soften. Squeeze out excess water, then stir gelatine into chocolate mixture until dissolved. Cool, then stir in whisky, if using.
422	4	Step 4	Whisk remaining 300ml cream to soft peaks, then fold into chocolate mixture. Whisk eggwhites to stiff peaks, then fold through the chocolate mixture. Pour over cake base and chill for 4 hours or until set.
422	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, for the caramel popcorn, line a baking tray with lightly oiled piece of foil. Place oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add popcorn, then cover and cook, shaking the pan, for 3-4 minutes until all of the kernels have popped. Tip onto the tray. Place butter, sugar, golden syrup and a pinch of salt in the pan, reduce heat to medium-low heat and cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes or until a dark caramel. Pour caramel over popcorn and scatter nuts on top. Stand for 15 minutes to set, then break into pieces. Whiz half the caramel popcorn in a food processor with the gold leaf, if using, until a fine dust.
422	6	Step 6	Garnish delice with caramel popcorn, popcorn dust and extra gold leaf, if using.
423	1	Step 1	Whisk the egg whites until frothy then add the cream of tartar and whisk to soft peaks. Continue whisking adding sugar 1 tablespoon at a time.
423	2	Step 2	Fold in the ground almonds and vanilla, then the coconut. Place rounded spoonfuls onto baking paper lined baking trays. Bake in a moderately slow oven 170C for 20 minutes or until cooked and golden. Cool on a wire rack.
423	3	Step 3	Melt the chocolate in a MW safe plastic bowl on 50% POWER. Begin with 20 second bursts then reduce to shorter bursts as the chocolate melts, stirring well between each burst of power. Only MW until 75% of the chocolate has melted. The rest will melt as you stir it.
423	4	Step 4	Dip half of each macaroon in chocolate and place on a baking paper lined tray until set. Store in an airtight container until required.
424	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Grease and line the base of a 24 x 34cm rectangular pan.
424	2	Step 2	Place butter and chocolate in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan of gently simmering water, stirring occasionally until melted. Sift flour and cocoa into a large bowl. Add chocolate mixture, the caster sugar, eggs and 1/2 cup water and beat until well combined. Pour into the pan and bake for 30 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Set aside to cool.
424	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, to make the icing, place all ingredients in a saucepan over low heat and stir until smooth and glossy.
424	4	Step 4	Once cake is cool, spread top with icing and allow to set before cutting into 3 x 5cm rectangles. Combine icing sugar and 1 1/2-2 tablespoons warm water in a bowl until smooth.
424	5	Step 5	Place in a piping bag and use the smallest nozzle (alternatively place in a freezer bag and make a small hole in one corner), to pipe a line horizontally across the centre of each cake, then pipe dots on each side of line to make a number; as on a domino.
425	1	Step 1	Place spread and butter in a saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes or until smooth. Transfer to a bowl.
425	2	Step 2	Stir caster sugar, egg, flour, cocoa powder and bicarbonate of soda into chocolate mixture. Refrigerate for 20 minutes.
425	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Grease 2 baking trays. Line with baking paper.
425	4	Step 4	Roll level tablespoons of mixture into 24 balls. Sift icing sugar onto a plate. Roll each ball in icing sugar. Place balls, 6cm apart, on prepared trays. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, swapping trays halfway. Cool on trays. Serve.
426	1	Step 1	Place the Mars bars, thin cream and cocoa in a heatproof bowl over simmering water (get an adult to help), making sure bowl does not touch water. Stir until melted and smooth. Place Rice Bubbles in a large bowl, pour in Mars bar mixture and stir until well combined. Pile mixture into paper cases and decorate each with an Easter egg. Place in the fridge until firm.
427	1	Step 1	Place the chocolate and cream in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan half filled with simmering water (make sure the bowl doesn't touch the water). Use a metal spoon to stir until the chocolate melts and the mixture is smooth. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 1 hour or until firm.
427	2	Step 2	Place biscuits in the bowl of a food processor and process until finely chopped. Add to chocolate mixture and stir until combined. Cover and place in the fridge for 3 hours or until firm.
427	3	Step 3	Line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Spread the chocolate sprinkles over a plate. Roll 2 teaspoonfuls of the mixture into an egg shape. Roll in the chocolate sprinkles to coat. Place on the lined tray. Repeat with the remaining chocolate mixture. Place in the fridge to chill before serving.
428	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 150°C. Working with one egg at a time, place egg on its side on a clean sponge. Use a small, sharp serrated knife to gently saw the top of the widest end halfway through the egg. Turn egg upright and remove lid completely. Tip egg into a clean bowl. Set aside 2 yolks and store remaining eggs in an airtight container in the fridge for later use. Wash the eggshells thoroughly. Peel the inner membrane from inside the shells. Trim any broken edges from the top of the eggs and wash again. Set aside upside down to dry. (Alternatively, use 120ml pot de creme moulds.)
428	2	Step 2	Combine cream, milk, salt, vanilla and chocolate in a small saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring, for 10 minutes or until chocolate melts.
428	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, combine yolks and sugar in a medium bowl and whisk until thoroughly combined. Pour one-third of the chocolate mixture over and use a wooden spoon to stir to combine. Pour remaining chocolate over and stir to combine. Strain through a fine sieve into a pouring jug.
428	4	Step 4	Place an empty egg carton in a roasting pan. Place eggshells into carton, open end upwards. If using pot de creme moulds, place in a tea towel-lined roasting pan. Divide chocolate mixture among eggshells (or moulds). Pour enough boiling water into the pan to come halfway up the sides of the eggshells or moulds. Cover with foil and bake in oven for 1 hour or until just set.
428	5	Step 5	Remove from oven. Place eggs into 8 egg cups and cool to room temperature. Place in the fridge for 2 hours to chill. Lightly brush the outside of the eggshells with water, then decorate with silver leaf. Serve with wafers.
429	1	Step 1	Place icing sugar in a medium bowl. Add butter, golden syrup and milk and mix to form a smooth icing.
429	2	Step 2	Spread over muffins. Top each with chopped Easter egg.
430	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C. Line 24 1/3 cup (80ml) capacity muffin pans with paper cases.
430	2	Step 2	Place the chocolate in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan half-filled with simmering water. Stir with a metal spoon for 5 minutes or until melted. Set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly.
430	3	Step 3	Use an electric mixer to beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl until pale and creamy.
430	4	Step 4	Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition.
430	5	Step 5	Add chocolate and beat until well combined.
430	6	Step 6	Add the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder and bicarbonate of soda and stir until combined.
430	7	Step 7	Add buttermilk and stir to combine. Spoon the mixture evenly among the prepared pans. Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes or until a skewer inserted in the centre comes out clean. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
430	8	Step 8	To make the icing: Use an electric mixer to beat the butter until very pale.
430	9	Step 9	Gradually add the cocoa powder, icing sugar and milk in batches, beating well between each batch until well combined. Spread icing over the top of each cupcake.
430	10	Step 10	Decorate with Easter eggs.
431	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220°C/200°C fan-forced. Line 2 large baking trays with baking paper.
431	2	Step 2	Make basic choux pastry:  Combine butter and 2/3 cup cold water in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until butter has melted and mixture just starts to boil.
431	3	Step 3	Reduce heat to low. Add flour. Cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes or until mixture comes away from side of pan and forms a ball. Set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly.
431	4	Step 4	Reserve 2 teaspoons egg. Using a wooden spoon, gradually beat in remaining egg until well combined and mixture forms a glossy dough (mixture should drop from the spoon).
431	5	Step 5	Spoon dough into a piping bag fitted with a 1cm plain nozzle. Pipe 12cm long logs, 6cm apart, onto prepared trays. Brush with reserved egg.
431	6	Step 6	Bake 1 tray of eclairs for 5 minutes. Reduce heat to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes or until golden and puffed. Using a small knife, carefully cut eclairs in half horizontally. Return to oven, cut-side up. Bake for 5 minutes to dry out centres. Cool on tray. Increase temperature to 220°C/200°C fan-forced. Repeat with remaining tray.
431	7	Step 7	Using an electric mixer, beat cream, vanilla and sugar until firm peaks. Place chocolate and butter in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on medium-high (75%) for 1 to 2 minutes or until smooth, stirring every 30 seconds.
431	8	Step 8	Spoon cream into a piping bag fitted with a 1cm fluted nozzle. Pipe cream evenly over eclair bases. Spread tops with chocolate mixture and place over cream. Refrigerate for 20 minutes or until chocolate has set. Serve.
432	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220°C. Line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Place the milk, water and butter in a medium non-stick saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until the butter melts and the mixture comes to the boil. Remove from heat (see tip 1). Add the flour and use a wooden spoon to stir until mixture forms a ball and comes away from the side of the pan (see tip 2). Flatten mixture over base of pan and set aside for 10 minutes to cool slightly.
432	2	Step 2	Transfer mixture to a medium bowl. Use an electric beater to gradually beat in the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, until mixture is thick and glossy (see tip 3). Place a 2cm diameter plain nozzle into a clean piping bag and spoon in the mixture. Pipe 10 thick lines, about 10cm long, about 4cm apart, on the lined tray. Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes or until puffed and golden. Use a small knife to make a cut into side of each eclair and return to oven for a further 10 minutes. Turn oven off and leave eclairs inside to cool until required (see tip 4).
432	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, to make custard cream, combine custard powder and sugar in a small saucepan over low heat. Gradually stir in milk and cook, using a wooden spoon to stir, for 2 minutes or until the mixture thickens. Transfer to a large heatproof bowl. Cover the surface with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 30 minutes to chill. Use an electric beater to beat the custard until smooth. Add the cream and continue beating until soft peaks form. Place a 2cm diameter plain nozzle into a clean piping bag and spoon in the custard cream.
432	4	Step 4	Use a sharp knife to cut each eclair lengthways, without cutting all the way through. Use your fingers to remove any soft pastry inside. Pipe custard cream into each eclair. Spread the top of each eclair evenly with the melted chocolate and place in the fridge for 10 minutes or until chocolate is set.
433	1	Step 1	Dissolve the coffee in 2 tablespoons of boiling water, then set aside to cool. Place custard in a bowl and add the dissolved coffee and the Kahlua.
433	2	Step 2	Whip half the cream and fold into custard mixture with half the pecans until combined. Pour into a shallow container and freeze until frozen at the edges. Beat with an electric beater, return to container and refreeze. Repeat 2 or 3 times. (Or place in an ice-cream maker and churn for 20 minutes.)
433	3	Step 3	Draw four 20 x 12cm rectangles on a sheet of non-stick baking paper. Melt 250g chocolate in a bowl over gently simmering water and use a palette knife to spread evenly onto rectangles. Refrigerate to set.
433	4	Step 4	Whip remaining cream and remove ice-cream from freezer. Set aside to soften. Carefully remove chocolate sheets from the paper and lay on a freezer-proof serving dish. Spread with a third of the cream then cover with small scoops of the ice-cream. Top with another sheet of chocolate. Repeat, finishing with a chocolate sheet. Cover with foil and return to freezer until ready to serve.
433	5	Step 5	Refrigerate remaining chocolate until firm, then use a vegetable peeler to make curls. Transfer slice to fridge 1 hour before serving to soften slightly. Garnish the slice with the chocolate curls and remaining pecan nuts.
434	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C/140°C fan-forced. Line a 12-hole, 1/3 cup-capacity muffin pan with paper cases.
434	2	Step 2	Place butter, chocolate and vanilla in a heavy-based saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes or until melted and smooth. Pour into a bowl.
434	3	Step 3	Sift flours and cocoa over chocolate mixture. Add sugar, eggs and milk. Whisk until well combined. Divide between pan holes. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until a skewer inserted in the centre of 1 cake has crumbs clinging. Stand in pan for 5 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.
434	4	Step 4	Using an electric mixer, beat cream and rosewater together until soft peaks form. Place a large dollop of cream on the top of each cupcake. Decorate with the fairy floss. Serve immediately.
435	1	Step 1	Combine the milk and mascarpone in a small saucepan over low heat and cook for 1 minute or until heated through and combined. Add the chocolate and cook, stirring with a metal spoon, for 1 minute or until the chocolate melts (see microwave tip). Remove from heat and set aside for 10 minutes to cool.
435	2	Step 2	Divide figs among serving bowls and drizzle with the chocolate sauce. Serve immediately.
436	1	Step 1	Place the chocolate in a heatproof bowl and place over a medium saucepan half-filled with simmering water (make sure the bowl doesn't touch the water). Use a metal spoon to stir until the chocolate melts and is smooth.
436	2	Step 2	Holding a fig gently by the stem, dip the fig three-quarters of the way into the chocolate and turn to coat. Transfer to a plate lined with non-stick baking paper. Repeat with 2 more figs. Set aside for 5 minutes, then place in the fridge for 5 minutes to set.
436	3	Step 3	Place the sugar in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook, stirring, for 4-5 minutes or until golden. Remove from heat. Holding a fig gently by the stem, dip the fig three-quarters of the way into the toffee and turn to coat. Transfer to a plate lined with non-stick baking paper. Repeat with 2 more figs. Set aside for 10 minutes or until completely set. Place the figs on a serving platter to serve.
437	1	Step 1	Combine the milk, cream, orange rind and Chinese five-spice in a medium saucepan over low heat. Bring to a simmer. Remove from heat and set aside for 15 minutes to infuse.
437	2	Step 2	Use a balloon whisk to whisk sugar, eggs and egg yolks together until well combined. While continually whisking, gradually add the milk mixture in a thin, steady stream. Strain mixture through a fine sieve into a clean saucepan and place over low heat. Cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, for 10 minutes or until custard thickens and coats the back of the spoon (do not overcook as the custard will split).
437	3	Step 3	Place the chocolate in a heatproof bowl. Pour over the hot custard and gently stir until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Pour among six 2/3-cup (160ml) capacity cups or ramekins. Place on a tray in the fridge and set aside for 6 hours to chill and thicken.
437	4	Step 4	Sprinkle each brulee with icing sugar. Place under a hot grill for 1-2 minutes or until sugar caramelises (alternatively, use a brulee gun). Serve immediately.
438	1	Step 1	Place all ingredients in a blender. Blend until smooth and well combined.
438	2	Step 2	Pour into glasses. Serve.
439	1	Step 1	Brush eight 1 cup-capacity dariole moulds with melted butter. Line the base of each mould with a 5cm square of baking paper. Brush moulds again with melted butter and dust the base and sides with cocoa powder (see tip). Place chocolate and butter in a small heavy-based saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook, stirring often, for 2 to 3 minutes or until melted and smooth. Pour into a large heatproof bowl.
439	2	Step 2	Using an electric mixer, beat eggs, egg yolks and sugar for 3 to 5 minutes or until pale and fluffy. Using a large metal spoon, fold egg mixture into chocolate mixture until almost combined. Add flour. Fold until just combined. Divide mixture evenly between prepared moulds. Place in fridge overnight to chill.
439	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Line a large baking dish with baking paper. Place rhubarb, in one layer, in dish. Sprinkle with extra sugar. Bake for 20 minutes or until soft but still holding its shape.
439	4	Step 4	Reduce oven temperature to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Place moulds on a large baking tray. Bake for 20 minutes or until just set (fondants will wobble slightly when touched). Set aside for 2 minutes. Run a flat bladed knife carefully around the edge of each mould and using a clean tea towel, carefully turn onto each serving plate.
439	5	Step 5	Place cream in a large bowl. Add cinnamon. Whisk until thick and well combined. Dust fondants with extra cocoa. Serve with rhubarb and whipped cream.
440	1	Step 1	Heat cream in a saucepan over medium heat until almost boiling. Stir in Cointreau.
440	2	Step 2	Place chocolate in a heatproof bowl. Pour hot cream mixture over chocolate. Stir with a metal spoon until melted and smooth. Pour into a warm bowl or small ceramic fondue.
440	3	Step 3	Serve chocolate fondue with fruit and marshmallows.
441	1	Step 1	Place the chocolate and cream in the bowl of a fondue set. Light the burner and stir the chocolate mixture until melted and smooth (see microwave tip).
441	2	Step 2	Serve chocolate fondue with the figs, strawberries and macadamia nuts.
442	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 120°C. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Place raspberries in a food processor and blend until smooth. Beat eggwhites until stiff peaks form, then add sugar a little at a time, beating until glossy. Place small spoonfuls of meringue on baking tray, make a small indent in each meringue, fill with a little raspberry puree then cover with a little more meringue. Bake for 1-1 1/2 hours.
442	2	Step 2	Place chocolate and framboise in an ovenproof bowl over a pan of gently simmering water (don't let bowl touch the water). When chocolate has melted, stir to combine, then transfer to a small fondue pot over a burner. To serve, dip meringues in warm chocolate.
443	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Using 2 paper muffin cases per muffin, line a 12-hole, 1/3-cup capacity muffin pan.
443	2	Step 2	Using an electric mixer, cream butter and sugar until pale. Sift flour, baking powder and cocoa over butter mixture. Stir to combine. Add buttermilk and egg. Beat on medium speed until smooth.
443	3	Step 3	Spoon 1/3 cup of mixture into each paper case. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Stand cakes in pan for 10 minutes. Lift onto a wire rack to cool. Remove outer paper case.
443	4	Step 4	Make icing: Using an electric mixer, beat cream cheese, icing mixture and cocoa until well combined. Add hot water and beat until smooth. Spread icing over cupcakes. Decorate with freckles.
444	1	Step 1	Grease and line base and sides of a 6cm-deep, 19cm (base) square cake pan with baking paper, allowing paper to extend 2cm above edges of pan. Combine cookies, peanuts, sultanas and cocoa in a bowl.
444	2	Step 2	Place butter, chocolate and condensed milk in a medium saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring, for 3 to 4 minutes or until smooth. Pour over cookie mixture. Stir well to combine. Spoon mixture into prepared pan, pressing with the back of the spoon. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours or until set.
444	3	Step 3	Make chocolate ganache: Place chocolate and butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring, for 1 to 2 minutes or until smooth. Remove from heat. Stand for 5 minutes. Spread ganache over slice. Refrigerate for 2 hours or until set. Lift slice from pan. Dust with cocoa powder. Cut into squares. Serve.
445	1	Step 1	Combine the raisins, currants, sultanas, prunes and Kahlua in a large bowl. Cover and set aside, stirring occasionally, for 6 hours to macerate.
445	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 160°C. Line twenty-four 80ml (1/3-cup) capacity muffin pans with 2 layers of paper cases.
445	3	Step 3	Beat the butter and sugar in a bowl. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Fold in the combined flours and cocoa powder. Stir in the raisin mixture and chocolate. Spoon into pans. Bake for 35-40 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centres comes out clean. Set aside for 1 hour to cool.
445	4	Step 4	To make frosting, use an electric beater to whisk the egg whites in a bowl until soft peaks form. Add icing sugar and whisk to combine. Spread cakes with frosting and sprinkle over the cachous.
446	1	Step 1	Line 2 large trays with baking paper. Crumble fruitcake into a large bowl. Drizzle with rum. Mix.
446	2	Step 2	Place chocolate in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on medium-high (75%) for 1 minute 30 seconds to 2 minutes, stirring with metal spoon every 30 seconds, or until smooth. Add melted chocolate to fruitcake mixture. Mix well to combine.
446	3	Step 3	Working quickly, roll 1 level tablespoon of fruitcake mixture into a ball. Toss in sprinkles, coconut or biscuits (see note). Place on prepared tray. Repeat with remaining fruitcake mixture and sprinkles.
446	4	Step 4	Refrigerate for 1 hour or until firm. Serve.
447	1	Step 1	Grease a 15cm square cake tin. Combine the brown and caster sugar, cream, milk, glucose syrup and chocolate in a saucepan over very low heat. Cook, stirring, occasionally brushing side of the pan to remove any sugar crystals, for 20 minutes or until sugar is dissolved. Increase heat to high; bring to the boil. Cook for 5-7 minutes or until thermometer reaches 116°C.
447	2	Step 2	Remove from heat. Add the butter, but do not stir. Set aside to cool to 40°C without stirring. Once mixture cools to 40°C, use a wooden spoon to stir for 3-4 minutes or until mixture reluctantly falls from the spoon. Pour into prepared pan; cover with foil. Put aside overnight to set. Cut into squares and dust with icing sugar. Store in an airtight container.
448	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Line a 20 x 30cm (base measurement) Swiss roll pan with non-stick baking paper.
448	2	Step 2	Use an electric beater to beat the eggs and caster sugar in a bowl until thick and pale, and a ribbon trail forms when beaters are lifted. Sift flour and cocoa over the egg mixture and use a large metal spoon to gently fold until just combined. Spoon mixture into the prepared pan and smooth the surface. Bake in oven for 10 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean.
448	3	Step 3	Immediately turn the cake onto a clean tea towel and remove the baking paper. Starting with a long side closest to you, and using the tea towel as a guide, firmly roll up the cake. Wrap the tea towel around the cake and place, seam-side down, on a tray. Set aside for 30 minutes to cool completely.
448	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, to make the chocolate sauce, combine the chocolate, cream and brown sugar in a saucepan and stir over medium heat for 5 minutes or until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Set aside for 30 minutes to cool.
448	5	Step 5	Unroll the cake and brush with Cointreau. Spread the cake evenly with mascarpone. Spread half the chocolate sauce over mascarpone and sprinkle with cherries. Roll up firmly to enclose filling. Wrap in plastic wrap and place, seam-side down, in the fridge for 1 hour to chill.
448	6	Step 6	Place cake on a serving platter and dust with extra cocoa. Place remaining chocolate sauce over low heat and stir for 2-3 minutes or until warm. Drizzle cake with the remaining chocolate sauce and cut into slices to serve.
449	1	Step 1	Place the ice-cream in a large bowl. Add the chocolate and stir until just combined. Transfer to an airtight container and place in the freezer for 30 minutes or until firm.
449	2	Step 2	Place a chocolate cup in the centre of each serving plate.
449	3	Step 3	Divide the ice-cream among the cups. Serve with wafer biscuits.
450	1	Step 1	Place a fine sieve over a bowl. Line the sieve with a double layer of muslin. Place the yoghurt in the centre of muslin. Bring edges together to enclose. Twist or tie with string to secure. Place in the fridge for 8 hours or overnight to drain.
450	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 160C/140C fan forced. Spray a round 20cm cake pan with oil to grease and line the base and side with baking paper.
450	3	Step 3	Process tofu, sugar, egg yolks and half the vanilla in a food processor until smooth. Add the chocolate and process until smooth. Transfer to a bowl. Fold in combined flour.
450	4	Step 4	Beat egg whites with electric beaters in a clean, dry bowl until soft peaks form. Use a large metal spoon to fold one-third of the egg white into chocolate mixture until just combined. Repeat, in 2 more batches, with remaining egg white. Spoon cake mixture into the prepared pan and smooth surface. Bake for 40 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Set aside in pan to cool.
450	5	Step 5	Heat the jam or fruit spread, remaining vanilla and 1 tbs of the water in a non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Simmer for 1 minute. Add strawberries. Simmer for 2-3 minutes or until just softened. Cool.
450	6	Step 6	Place the cake on a serving plate. Top with the yoghurt, spreading to the edges. Top with the strawberries and drizzle with syrup. Scatter with micro herbs, if using.
451	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160C/14C fan-forced. Using a food processor, process biscuits until fine crumbs. Add butter. Process until combined. Press over base and side of a 21cm round (base) springform cake pan. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
451	2	Step 2	Make Fudge: Place chocolate, condensed milk and butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly, for 4 to 5 minutes or until smooth and combined. Remove from heat. Stand for 2 minutes.
451	3	Step 3	Pour fudge over prepared base, gently spreading to cover. Set aside.
451	4	Step 4	Using an electric mixer, beat cream cheese, sugar and vanilla until light and fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating until well combined after each addition. Add cream. Beat for 3 minutes or until combined and mixture thickens slightly. Pour over fudge layer. Place pan on a baking tray.
451	5	Step 5	Bake for 50 minutes or until cheesecake is just set (cheesecake will wobble slightly in centre). Turn oven off. Cool cheesecake in oven with door ajar. Refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight. Serve cheesecake topped with whipped cream, Easter eggs and drizzled with caramel sauce.
452	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Lightly grease an 8-cup capacity ovenproof bowl or pudding bowl.
452	2	Step 2	Sift flour and 2 tablespoons cocoa into prepared bowl. Stir in 1/2 cup sugar. Add milk. Stir until well combined.
452	3	Step 3	Combine remaining 1/2 cup sugar and 1 tablespoon cocoa in a small bowl. Sprinkle over surface of pudding. Gently pour boiling water over the back of a large metal spoon to cover surface of pudding. Dot with butter. Bake for 35 to 45 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean.
452	4	Step 4	Dust with icing sugar and serve with double cream  or ice-cream.
453	1	Step 1	Grease and line a 3cm deep, 16cm x 26.5cm (base) lamington pan. Combine chocolate and condensed milk in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly, for 5 minutes or until chocolate has melted and mixture is smooth. Remove from heat.
453	2	Step 2	Place biscuits into a food processor. Process until roughly chopped (do not process to crumbs). Add to chocolate mixture with sultanas and walnuts. Stir until well combined.
453	3	Step 3	Gently press mixture into prepared lamington pan. Cover. Refrigerate for 2 hours, or until set. Cut into pieces. Serve.
454	1	Step 1	Place the condensed milk and chocolate in a small saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring with a metal spoon, for 2-3 minutes or until the chocolate melts (see microwave tip). Remove fudge sauce from heat and set aside.
454	2	Step 2	Kids' task: Place a scoop of vanilla ice-cream in each serving glass. Drizzle with half the chocolate fudge sauce. Continue layering with the remaining ice-cream and fudge sauce. Serve immediately with the chocolate cream wafers.
455	1	Step 1	Combine chocolate and cream in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan of simmering water. Stir with a metal spoon until smooth. Remove bowl from heat.
455	2	Step 2	Set aside at room temperature to cool, stirring occasionally, until ganache is thick and spreadable.
456	1	Step 1	Place dark chocolate melts in a heatproof bowl. Bring cream just to the boil in a saucepan over medium heat. Pour the cream over chocolate. Set aside for 1 minute. Stir until smooth. Set aside until set.
457	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Grease and line the base of a 20cm springform cake pan.
457	2	Step 2	Place the chocolate, butter and 1 tablespoon sugar in a bowl set over a saucepan of gently simmering water (don't let the bowl touch the water). Stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is well combined, then remove the bowl from the pan and set side to cool slightly.
457	3	Step 3	Beat the eggs and remaining sugar in an electric mixer for 10 minutes on medium-high until very thick and pale. Using a metal spoon, gently fold in the flour, then the chocolate mixture, trying to retain as much air as possible.
457	4	Step 4	Pour into the prepared pan and bake in the oven for 12 minutes (the cake won't be completely set at this stage).
457	5	Step 5	Remove the cake from the oven and run a knife around the edge of the pan. Set aside to cool in the pan, then place in the freezer for 4 hours or until set.
457	6	Step 6	Remove the cake from the freezer 1 hour before serving and leave at room temperature to soften.
457	7	Step 7	Meanwhile, for the ganache icing, place the cream in a small saucepan over medium heat and bring to just below boiling point. Place the chocolate in a bowl and pour over the hot cream. Stir together until melted and smooth. Allow to cool for 15 minutes before pouring over the cake.
457	8	Step 8	Cut the cake into slices and serve with Easter eggs, if desired.
458	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 180°C. Lightly grease a 3cm-deep, 24.5cm (base measurement) fluted tart tin, with removable base.
458	2	Step 2	For the pastry, process the flour, butter, icing sugar and cocoa in a food processor until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the egg yolks and process until the dough starts to come together. Turn onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth. Shape into a disc. Cover and place in fridge for 30 minutes to rest. Roll the out the pastry between 2 sheets of baking paper to a 4mm-thick disc. Line the prepared tin with the pastry. Trim any excess. Place in the fridge for 30 minutes to rest.
458	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, wrap the beetroot in foil and roast for 40 minutes or until tender. Cool. Peel and halve beetroot. Process the beetroot and cherries in a food processor until finely chopped.
458	4	Step 4	Stir the sugar and brandy in a small saucepan over medium-low heat for 1-2 minutes or until sugar dissolves. Bring to the boil. Simmer for 1 minute or until thickened slightly. Add sugar syrup, water and lemon juice to beetroot mixture and process until smooth. Strain through a sieve set over a bowl, pressing to extract extra liquid. Discard solids. Strain liquid again. You should have approximately 1 cup of liquid. If short, top up with water.
458	5	Step 5	Place the tin on a baking tray. Line the pastry with baking paper and fill with pastry weights or rice. Bake for 15 minutes or until firm. Remove the paper and pastry weights or rice. Bake for 12-15 minutes or until cooked through. Brush the base and any cracks with egg white. Place in oven for 2 minutes. Set aside to cool.
458	6	Step 6	Place chocolate in a heatproof bowl. Bring cream just to the boil in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Pour over the chocolate. Stand for 2 minutes. Stir until melted and smooth. Cool for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Pour over the pastry and place in the fridge for 1 hour to set.
458	7	Step 7	Soak gelatine leaves in cold water for 5 minutes. Squeeze to remove excess liquid. Stir in a small saucepan over low heat for 30 seconds or until dissolved. Remove from heat and whisk in beetroot mixture. Strain into a jug. Remove any foam from the surface. Pour over chocolate, do not over-fill. Chill for 2 hours or until set. Stand at room temperature for 15 minutes before serving. Sprinkle with herbs.
459	1	Step 1	Whisk together 1 cup milk with the sugar, cornflour and cocoa.
459	2	Step 2	Place the remaining milk in a saucepan and bring to the boil.
459	3	Step 3	Pour the milk over the chocolate mixture and stir to combine. Return the mixture to the saucepan and stir over low heat for about 10 minutes or until thickened.
459	4	Step 4	Pour the mixture into a shallow container and freeze until frozen at the edges.
459	5	Step 5	Remove from freezer and beat with an electric beater. Pour back into container and re-freeze. Repeat 2 or 3 times. (Alternatively use an ice-cream machine following manufacturer's directions.)
460	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 190°C.
460	2	Step 2	Place the tart cases on a baking tray and prick the bases with a fork. Bake for 15 minutes until lightly golden and cooked through.
460	3	Step 3	Place ginger syrup in a small saucepan, add chocolates and cook over very low heat for 1-2 minutes, stirring until chocolate melts. Add cream and butter, and stir until butter has melted and mixture is combined (do not overheat). Pour into tart cases and refrigerate for 15 minutes to chill and firm.
460	4	Step 4	Just before serving, dice the stem ginger and use to decorate tarts. Serve with extra cream if desired.
461	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Line three oven trays with baking paper. Use an electric mixer to beat the butter, sugar and golden syrup together until pale and creamy. Add the egg yolks and beat until just combined. Add the flour, cocoa powder, ginger, cinnamon and cloves and stir to combine. Use your hands to bring the dough together. Turn onto a lightly floured surface and gently knead until smooth. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 30 minutes to rest.
461	2	Step 2	Divide the dough into six even portions. To make a side wall, roll out 1 dough portion on a lightly floured surface until 5mm thick. Use a small sharp knife to trim into a 12 x 20cm rectangle and place on a prepared tray. Use a small sharp knife to cut 3cm squares to create windows. Repeat with a second dough portion. Bake in preheated oven for 15-20 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from oven and set aside on the trays to cool.
461	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, roll out another dough portion to a 5mm thick disc. Use a small sharp knife to trim to a 12 x 12cm square with 5cm pitch for roof. Place on a lined tray. Repeat with another dough portion. Bake in preheated oven for 15-20 minutes or until golden brown.
461	4	Step 4	Roll out the remaining 2 dough portions to 5mm thick disc. Trim to a 9.5 x 22cm rectangles. Cut out a 3cm square from a long side of each rectangle to create a hole for a chimney. Place on lined trays. Roll any remaining dough into four 3 x 5cm rectangles for the chimney. Cut a wedge out of 2 rectangles to allow for the roof pitch. Place on the lined tray. Bake for 15-20 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from oven and set aside to cool completely.
461	5	Step 5	To make the royal icing, place the icing sugar in a medium bowl. Add the lemon juice and half the egg white. Stir to make a firm paste, adding more eggwhite if necessary. Cover with plastic wrap directly onto the surface of the icing until required.
461	6	Step 6	Place icing into a piping bag fitted with a 3.5cm diameter plain nozzle. Pipe icing onto the sides and roof panels to decorate. Set aside for 30 minutes to set.
461	7	Step 7	To put the house together, pipe along the base and side of 1 wall panel. Stand on a flat serving platter, using a straight sided glass to support the wall. Repeat with the remaining wall panels to make the walls of the house. Set aside for 2 hours or overnight to set.
461	8	Step 8	Pipe around the top edges of the walls. Attach the roof panels. Pipe along the top of the roof to secure. Set aside for 2 hours to set.
461	9	Step 9	Decorate the roof and walls with remaining icing.
462	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan-forced. Grease 2 large baking trays. Line trays with baking paper.
462	2	Step 2	Using an electric mixer, beat butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add golden syrup. Beat to combine. Sift over cinnamon, ginger, cocoa and flour. Stir until a soft dough forms. Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface. Knead until smooth. Shape into a disc. Wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 1 hour.
462	3	Step 3	Roll out dough between 2 sheets of baking paper until 5mm thick. Using the 9cm star-shaped cutter, cut 6 stars from dough. Repeat process using the 7.5cm, 5cm, 4cm and 2.5cm star-shaped cutters, re-rolling and cutting dough trimmings. Place stars, 3cm apart, on prepared trays. Bake, 1 tray at a time, for 12 to 15 minutes or until lightly browned. Working with 1 star at a time, and leaving the smallest stars plain, brush hot stars with cold water and sprinkle with gold sugar sprinkles. Stand on trays to cool completely.
462	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, whisk egg white in a small bowl until foamy. Add icing sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, whisking until smooth and combined.
462	5	Step 5	Place 9cm stars on a sheet of baking paper. Spoon a little of the icing in the centre of each star. Using the picture as a guide, top each star with a 7.5cm star, rotating the star so the points sit at a different angle to the star below. Repeat layering with more icing and remaining stars (except for the smallest stars) to resemble 6 Christmas trees. Spoon a little icing on the top of each Christmas tree. Top each tree with a small star, standing upright. Stand Christmas trees for 30 minutes or until set. Sprinkle with more gold sprinkles. Serve.
463	1	Step 1	To make the glaze topping, place all ingredients in a saucepan over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the chocolate has melted and the ingredients are well combined, smooth and glossy.
463	2	Step 2	Pour the glaze over the top of the cake.
464	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 150C/130C fan forced and line 2 baking trays with baking paper. Combine  puffed rice, coconut chips, buckwheat, flaked almonds, sunflower-seeds and chia seeds in a bowl.
464	2	Step 2	Microwave coconut oil and rice malt syrup in a heatproof bowl for 1 1/2 minutes. Whisk in cacao powder. Stir through rice mixture.
464	3	Step 3	Spread over the prepared trays and bake, stirring occasionally, for 28 minutes or until crisp.
465	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200C. Roast nuts on an oven tray for 10 minutes or until golden and skins are flaking. Rub well in a clean tea towel to remove skins. Chop coarsely.
465	2	Step 2	Sift flour, cocoa, sugar, baking powder and cinnamon into a bowl. Combine eggs, orange rind and nuts in a separate bowl. Gradually add egg mixture to dry ingredients, stirring to form a dough. Turn out on to a lightly floured surface. Knead briefly then halve. Shape into two 25cm-long logs. Place logs on a baking paper-lined oven tray. Bake for 15 minutes. Remove from oven. Stand for 5 minutes.
465	3	Step 3	Slice logs diagonally into 5mm-thick slices. Place slices on oven trays and return to oven for 10 minutes or until dry. Cool on a wire rack, then store in an airtight container for up to 2 days.
466	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C/140°C fan-forced. Grease a 6cm-deep, 22cm round cake pan. Line base and sides with 2 layers of baking paper.
466	2	Step 2	Place chocolate in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on MEDIUM (50%), stirring every 30 seconds with a metal spoon, for 2 minutes or until smooth. Set aside to cool slightly.
466	3	Step 3	Using an electric mixer, beat butter, sugar and vanilla until light and fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add cooled chocolate. Beat until just combined.
466	4	Step 4	Sift flour and cocoa powder together. Fold ½ the flour mixture into chocolate mixture. Fold ½ the milk into chocolate mixture. Repeat with remaining flour mixture and milk. Spoon mixture into prepared pan. Smooth surface.
466	5	Step 5	Bake for 1 hour to 1 hour 10 minutes or until a skewer inserted into centre of cake comes out clean (cover with foil if over-browning). Stand in pan for 15 minutes. Turn out onto a wire rack to cool completely.
466	6	Step 6	Using a spatula, spread chocolate-hazelnut spread all over top of cake. Decorate with Easter eggs. Serve.
467	1	Step 1	Grease two 6cm-deep, 22cm round cake pans. Line base and sides with baking paper. Combine butter, sugar, 3 1/3 cups cold water, cocoa and bicarbonate of soda in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Cook, stirring for 5 minutes or until smooth. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Set aside to cool completely. Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced.
467	2	Step 2	Transfer chocolate mixture to a large bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat chocolate mixture, flours, hazelnut and eggs for 5 minutes or until combined and mixture becomes lighter in colour.
467	3	Step 3	Divide mixture evenly between prepared pans.
467	4	Step 4	Bake for 1 hour 15 minutes or until a skewer inserted into centre of cake comes out clean (cover cake loosely with foil if over-browning during cooking). Stand cakes in pans for 15 minutes. Turn on to a wire rack to cool.
467	5	Step 5	Using an electric mixer, beat butter until light and fluffy. Gradually beat in icing sugar and cocoa. Add milk and beat.
467	6	Step 6	Trim top of one cake to level. Place on plate. Spread with 1 cup frosting. Top with untrimmed cake. Spread remaining frosting over top and side of cake. Decorate top with chocolate curls. Serve.
468	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Grease a 3cm-deep, 19cm x 30cm (base) baking tray. Place chocolate in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave, uncovered, on high (100%) for 1 minute 30 seconds, stirring with a metal spoon every 30 seconds, or until smooth. Set aside to cool slightly.
468	2	Step 2	Using an electric mixer, beat butter, sugar and vanilla until light and fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition (mixture will curdle). Add chocolate. Beat for 1 minute or until just combined. Add hazelnut meal and flour. Stir until just combined. Spoon into prepared pan. Smooth top. Bake for 30 minutes or until a skewer inserted in centre comes out clean. Set aside to cool slightly.
468	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, make spiced oranges: Place sugar in a large, heavy-based, frying pan over medium heat. Cook, shaking, for 6 to 8 minutes or until sugar has melted. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cook orange slices in sugar, in batches, for 4 to 5 minutes each side or until golden and tender.
468	4	Step 4	Arrange oranges, overlapping, over cake. Carefully add orange juice and cinnamon to pan (mixture may spatter). Cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes or until sugar has dissolved. Bring to the boil. Boil without stirring for 3 minutes or until slightly thickened. Drizzle over orange slices. Serve.
469	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Place 1 sheet pastry on work surface. Brush with butter. Top with remaining sheet. Brush with butter. Cut pastry into quarters. Cut each piece in half to make 8 pieces. Combine nuts and honey in a bowl. Spoon 1 tablespoon nut mixture over each piece. Brush pastry  edges with butter. Starting from 1 long side, roll up pastry to enclose filling, folding in edges to make cigar shapes.
469	2	Step 2	Place cigars on prepared tray. Brush with remaining butter. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes or until golden and crisp. Cool.
469	3	Step 3	Place chocolate in a heatproof, microwave-safe bowl. Microwave, uncovered, on high (100%) for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds, or until melted and smooth.
469	4	Step 4	Pour chocolate into a small jug. Dip half of each cigar in chocolate. Place on a wire rack to set. Serve.
470	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C?. Grease and line a 24cm (base) springform cake pan.
470	2	Step 2	Using an electric mixer, beat eggs and sugar on high speed for 8 to 10 minutes, or until pale and thick. Sift flour, cocoa and cornflour over egg mixture.
470	3	Step 3	Using a large metal spoon, gently fold ingredients together until just combined. Fold in milk. Spoon mixture into prepared cake pan.
470	4	Step 4	Bake for 40 to 45 minutes, or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Cool in pan for 10 minutes. Turn onto a wire rack to cool.
470	5	Step 5	Make ganaches: Place milk chocolate and cream into a heatproof bowl over a saucepan of simmering water. Stir constantly with a metal spoon until smooth. Remove from heat. Refrigerate until thick enough to spread. Repeat step 5 with dark chocolate and cream.
470	6	Step 6	Make petals: Line a baking tray with baking paper. Use a small brush to paint petals with eggwhite. Sprinkle with sugar. Place onto tray until set.
470	7	Step 7	Using a serrated knife, slice cake into 4 even rounds. Place bottom round onto a serving plate. Spread with one-third of the milk chocolate ganache. Sprinkle with one-third of the hazelnuts. Repeat twice more, finishing with cake. Spread top and sides of cake with dark chocolate ganache. Decorate with sugared petals.
471	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Line 2 baking trays with non-stick baking paper. Use an electric beater to beat the butter in a bowl until pale and creamy. Add the flour, icing sugar mixture, cornflour and cocoa powder, and stir with a wooden spoon until well combined.
471	2	Step 2	Use your hands to roll teaspoonsful of the chocolate mixture into balls. Place the balls, 2cm apart, on the prepared trays. Use a fork dusted in extra cocoa powder to gently flatten. Sprinkle evenly with demerara sugar. Bake in preheated oven, swapping trays halfway through cooking, for 15 minutes or until cooked through. Remove from oven and set aside to cool on the trays for 30 minutes.
471	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, place chocolate in a small heatproof bowl over a saucepan half-filled with simmering water (make sure the bowl doesn't touch the water). Use a metal spoon to stir occasionally until the chocolate melts and is smooth. Remove from heat and set aside for 3 minutes to cool. Add the unsalted butter, chocolate hazelnut spread and extra icing sugar mixture. Use an electric beater to beat the mixture until well combined.
471	4	Step 4	Spread the chocolate mixture over the flat side of half the cooled biscuits and then sandwich together with the remaining biscuits.
472	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 140°C. Line 2 baking trays with baking paper.
472	2	Step 2	Whiz chocolate in a food processor until very finely chopped, then place in a bowl with hazelnut meal, cocoa and icing sugar, stirring to combine. Set aside.
472	3	Step 3	Whisk eggwhites in an electric mixer on medium speed for 2-3 minutes until soft peaks start to form. Increase the speed to high. Add caster sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time and whisking constantly, then add the vinegar and whisk until glossy stiff peaks.
472	4	Step 4	Gently fold the chocolate mixture into the meringue – don’t overmix, it doesn’t need to be thoroughly combined.
472	5	Step 5	Transfer meringue mixture to a large piping bag fitted with a 2cm fluted nozzle. Pipe small dollops of meringue (about the size of a 20-cent coin) on to the trays, spaced 3cm apart (or use a teaspoon to dollop the mixture onto the trays). Bake for 35-45 minutes, swapping trays halfway through to ensure even cooking, until the bases are firm, but meringues are still chewy in the centre. Transfer to wire racks to cool completely.
472	6	Step 6	Place cooled meringue in cellophane bags and tie with ribbon. They’re great on their own or crumbled over ice cream.
473	1	Step 1	Process flour, icing sugar and butter in a food processor until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add egg. Process until the dough just comes together. Turn onto a lightly floured surface and knead until just smooth. Wrap in plastic wrap. Place in the fridge for 30 minutes to rest.
473	2	Step 2	Roll out the pastry on a floured surface to a 4mm-thick disc. Line a 3cm-deep, 22cm (base measurement) round fluted tart tin, with removable base, with pastry. Trim excess. Place in the fridge for 15 minutes to chill.
473	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 200°C. Line pastry with non-stick baking paper. Fill with pastry weights or rice. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove paper and pastry weights or rice. Bake for a further 10 minutes or until the pastry is light golden.
473	4	Step 4	Place chocolate and honey in a large heatproof bowl over a saucepan half-filled with simmering water. Stir with a metal spoon until chocolate melts and is smooth. Set aside to cool slightly. Whisk in sugar, egg and extra flour. Pour into pastry case. Bake for 15-20 minutes or until almost set.
473	5	Step 5	Reduce oven temperature to 180°C. Spread hazelnuts over a baking tray. Bake for 5-8 minutes or until toasted. Place in a tea towel. Rub to remove skins. Line baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Place hazelnuts on lined tray.
473	6	Step 6	Heat the water and extra sugar in a small saucepan over low heat, tilting the pan occasionally, until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to medium-high. Bring to the boil. Boil, without stirring, for 3 minutes or until golden. Pour over the hazelnuts. Set aside to cool. Break into shards.
473	7	Step 7	Top the tart with the praline. Dust with icing sugar.
474	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan forced. Grease a 5cm-deep, 22cm x 32cm (base) baking dish. Line base and long sides with baking paper, allowing a 2cm overhang.
474	2	Step 2	Using an electric mixer, beat butter and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Add egg yolks, 1 at a time, beating until combined. Stir in liqueur, chocolate, hazelnut meal, breadcrumbs, flour and cocoa. Wash and dry beaters.
474	3	Step 3	Using an electric mixer, beat eggwhites in a bowl until soft peaks form. Fold half the eggwhites into chocolate mixture. Fold in remaining eggwhites. Pour into prepared dish. Place dish in a larger pan. Pour boiling water into pan until halfway up sides of baking dish. Bake for 50 minutes or until a skewer inserted in centre comes out with moist crumbs clinging. Stand in pan for 10 minutes. Lift onto a wire rack.
474	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, make custard Combine custard and liqueur in a bowl. Combine strawberries, raspberries and cherries in a bowl. Dust pudding with cocoa powder. Serve warm or cold with boozy custard and berry mixture.
475	1	Step 1	Preheat an oven to 170°C. Spread the bread with Nutella and cut into 2cm squares. Divide the bread squares between 4 x 1-cup capacity ramekins. Sit the ramekins in a baking dish and fill the baking dish with water to come halfway up the sides of the ramekins.
475	2	Step 2	Whisk together the eggs, custard powder and sugar. Whisk in the milk gradually. Pour the custard over the bread and sprinkle with the hazelnuts. Bake for 25-30 minutes or until puffed and golden. Serve immediately.
476	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160C. Lightly grease six 2/3 cup (160ml) ovenproof dishes and place on an oven tray.
476	2	Step 2	Combine the milk, chocolate, butter, chocolate-hazelnut spread and cocoa powder in a small saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Remove from heat and set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly.
476	3	Step 3	Place the flour, hazelnut meal, caster sugar and 2 tablespoons of the brown sugar in a large bowl. Add the chocolate mixture and egg and stir to combine. Pour mixture evenly among the prepared dishes.
476	4	Step 4	Combine the extra cocoa powder and remaining brown sugar in jug. Add the boiling water and stir to combine. Pour evenly among the dishes, over the batter. Cook in preheated oven for 15-20 minutes or until puddings rise and are just cooked though. Remove from heat. Set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly.
476	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, to make the chocolate sauce, combine the butter, chocolate, chocolate-hazelnut spread and cream in a small saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until chocolate and butter melt, and mixture is smooth.
476	6	Step 6	Top the warm puddings with ice-cream or thickened cream and drizzle with hot chocolate sauce. Serve immediately.
477	1	Step 1	Place milk chocolate and butter in a heatproof, microwave-safe bowl. Microwave, uncovered, on medium (50%) for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring every minute with a metal spoon, until almost melted. Stir until smooth. Set aside for 30 minutes or until thick enough to roll into balls.
477	2	Step 2	Roll teaspoons of chocolate mixture into balls. Push 1 hazelnut into the centre of each ball and re-roll to enclose. Place on a plate and refrigerate until set.
477	3	Step 3	Place dark chocolate in a heatproof, microwave-safe bowl. Microwave, uncovered, on medium (50%) for 1 minute, stirring with a metal spoon, until almost melted. Stir until smooth. Allow to cool slightly.
477	4	Step 4	Place truffles on a wire rack over a tray. Spoon chocolate into a small snap-lock bag. Using scissors, snip 1 corner from bag and pipe chocolate over truffles to decorate. Refrigerate until firm. Serve.
478	1	Step 1	Make pastry: Place flour, sugar and butter in a food processor. Process until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add egg. Process until dough just comes together. Turn pastry onto a lightly floured surface. Knead until just smooth. Shape into a disc. Cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
478	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 180°C. Grease four 3cm-deep, 10cm (base) loose-based fluted tart pans. Roll out pastry between 2 sheets of baking paper until 5mm thick. Using a 13cm cutter, cut 4 rounds from pastry. Line pans with pastry. Refrigerate for 10 minutes.
478	3	Step 3	Place pans on a baking tray. Line pastry cases with baking paper. Fill with uncooked rice or ceramic pie weights. Bake for 12 to 14 minutes or until edges are light golden. Remove baking paper and rice or pie weights. Bake for 5 minutes or until base is light golden. Set aside to cool.
478	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, reduce oven to 160°C. Divide Snickers between pastry cases. Combine chocolate and cream in a small saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring, for 3 to 4 minutes or until melted and smooth. Allow to cool for 5 minutes.
478	5	Step 5	Using an electric mixer, beat egg, egg yolks and sugar until light and fluffy. Add chocolate mixture. Fold in until just combined. Pour mixture into pastry cases. Bake for 25 minutes or until just set. Allow tarts to cool in pans for 10 minutes. Refrigerate for 2 hours or until cold. Dust tarts with icing sugar to form a heart shape (see note). Serve.
479	1	Step 1	Line a 20 x 30cm slice tin with baking paper. Cut 16 biscuits in 1/2 lengthways then chop 8 biscuits into crumbs.
479	2	Step 2	Place butter, sugar, vanilla and chocolate in a bowl over a saucepan of simmering water. Stir over medium heat until smooth. Remove from heat. Whisk in egg then stir in hazelnuts, biscuit crumbs and fruit (if using).
479	3	Step 3	Spoon 1/2 the mixture over base of tin. Top with biscuit halves, widthways in 4 lines. Spoon over remaining mixture to cover biscuits. Refrigerate overnight or until firm then turn on to a board and cut into squares.
480	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Grease an 8 x 2/3-cup capacity rectangular muffin pan or 16 x 1/3-cup capacity muffin holes.
480	2	Step 2	Using an electric mixer, beat cake mix, water, oil and eggs on low speed until combined. Increase speed to medium for 2 minutes. Spoon into prepared pan.
480	3	Step 3	Press 3 to 4 Violet Crumble Bites into centre of each cake. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Cool in pan for 10 minutes. Turn onto a wire rack.
480	4	Step 4	Add water to frosting (from cake packet). Whisk. Drizzle over cakes. Serve.
481	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan-forced. Grease a 2cm-deep, 23cm x 33cm baking tray. Line base and sides with baking paper, extending paper 1cm above edges of tray.
481	2	Step 2	Using an electric mixer, beat eggs and sugar for 8 to 10 minutes or until mixture is thick and creamy (mixture should form ribbons when falling from beaters). Sift over cocoa and flour. Fold in until just combined. Add dark chocolate and milk. Fold in until combined. Spoon mixture into prepared tray and gently spread to level.
481	3	Step 3	Bake for 10 to 13 minutes or until sponge is just firm to the touch. Sift extra cocoa powder onto a large sheet of baking paper. Turn out sponge immediately onto prepared paper. Peel away baking paper from top of sponge and discard. Trim edges of sponge, if needed. Keeping sponge on dusted paper, roll up from 1 short side. Cover with a tea towel and set aside to cool completely.
481	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, make White chocolate sauce Place chocolate and cream in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on HIGH (100%) for 30 seconds to 1 minute or until smooth, stirring to combine (see Notes). Set aside for 15 minutes.
481	5	Step 5	Using an electric mixer, beat cream until soft peaks form. Fold through 1/2 the Violet Crumble.
481	6	Step 6	Unroll sponge. Spread cream mixture over sponge, leaving a 2cm border at the short end furthest away from you. Using paper as a guide, carefully roll up sponge to enclose cream. Transfer to a plate, seam-side down. Drizzle with some of the chocolate sauce. Sprinkle remaining Violet Crumble over sauce. Serve roulade with remaining sauce.
482	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced.
482	2	Step 2	Combine caster sugar, flour and 2 tablespoons cocoa in a bowl. Stir in milk, melted butter and half the Violet Crumble bar. Spoon mixture into an 8-cup capacity ovenproof dish.
482	3	Step 3	Sift remaining cocoa over mixture. Sprinkle with brown sugar. Place on a baking tray. Pour the boiling water over the back of a large metal spoon to cover pudding. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until top has set. Sprinkle pudding with remaining Violet Crumble bar. Stand for 5 minutes. Serve immediately with ice-cream.
483	1	Step 1	Split the hot cross buns and butter each half. Lay the bases in a 2-litre (8-cup) baking dish, sprinkle with the chopped dark chocolate, then place the bun tops on the bases.
483	2	Step 2	Place the vanilla pod and seeds in a saucepan with the creams and zest, and heat over low heat until just simmering. Remove from the heat.
483	3	Step 3	Beat the eggs, sugar and brandy until just combined, then pour into the warm cream, stirring continuously. Strain the custard evenly over the buns and set the pudding aside for 30 minutes for the buns to soak up some of the custard. (The pudding can be prepared to this stage several hours in advance and refrigerated - just bring to room temperature before baking.)
483	4	Step 4	When ready to cook, preheat the oven to 170°C.
483	5	Step 5	Place the pudding dish in a large roasting pan and pour enough boiling water into the roasting pan to come halfway up the sides of the pudding dish. Place in the oven for about 45 minutes or until the custard is set. Dust with icing sugar and serve with extra cream if desired.
484	1	Step 1	Place 2L Streets Blue Ribbon Vanilla ice-cream in a large bowl. Set aside to soften. Use a fork to mash 80g (2/3 cup) frozen raspberries and 2 tablespoons pure icing sugar until just soft. Fold mixture into ice-cream to create a swirled effect. Spoon into a 20 x 30cm slab pan lined with non-stick baking paper. Smooth surface. Place in freezer for 5 hours or overnight until firm.
484	2	Step 2	Transfer ice-cream to a work surface. Line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Use a 6.5cm-long, 7.5cm-wide heart-shaped cutter to cut hearts from the ice-cream. Place on prepared trays. Use a small sharp knife to make a slit at the base of each heart. Insert paddle-pop sticks into the slits. Return to the freezer for 3-4 hours or until firm.
484	3	Step 3	Stir 300g good-quality dark chocolate and 30g copha in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan of simmering water until smooth. Set aside to cool slightly. Line another tray with baking paper. Holding a heart by the stick, spoon over the chocolate to coat completely. Place on the prepared tray. Repeat with remaining hearts. Return to the freezer for 1-2 hours or until set
485	1	Step 1	Place the coffee in the glass beaker of a coffee plunger. Pour over the boiling water and stir with a metal spoon. Replace the plunger lid (but do not push plunger down). Set aside for 3 minutes to brew. Slowly push the plunger down.
485	2	Step 2	Pour the coffee into an airtight container. Place in the freezer for 10 minutes to chill.
485	3	Step 3	Pour the grappa evenly among six 30ml-capacity shot glasses. Place a scoop of ice-cream in 6 latte glasses or small serving bowls. Pour the coffee over the ice-cream. Serve immediately on individual platters with the grappa and marsala strawberries.
486	1	Step 1	Line 2 large plates with non-stick baking paper. Place 1 plate in the freezer to chill.
486	2	Step 2	Dip a melon baller in a bowl of hot water and use to scoop out 1 ball of ice-cream. Place on the chilled plate. Insert a toothpick into the centre of the ice-cream ball. Repeat to make 5 more ice-cream balls. Place in the freezer for 2 hours or until very firm.
486	3	Step 3	Place the chocolate and copha in a small microwave-safe bowl. Cook on medium/500watts/50% for 1 minute or until the chocolate and copha melt. Stir to combine. Set aside for 10 minutes to cool.
486	4	Step 4	Dip 1 ice-cream ball into the chocolate mixture and gently shake off excess. Place on the remaining lined plate and return immediately to the freezer. Repeat with the remaining ice-cream balls and chocolate mixture. Place in the freezer for 30 minutes or until very firm.
487	1	Step 1	Line the base of a 22cm (base measurement) springform pan with non-stick baking paper.
487	2	Step 2	Place the chocolate in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan of simmering water (make sure the bowl doesn't touch the water). Use a metal spoon to stir for 4 minutes or until the chocolate melts and is smooth.
487	3	Step 3	Use a balloon whisk to whisk together the egg yolks, sugar and 60ml (1/4 cup) of cream in a large bowl until pale and creamy. Gradually whisk in the chocolate. Transfer to a clean saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, for 5 minutes or until the mixture thickens.
487	4	Step 4	Combine the coffee and brandy in a bowl. Dip the biscuits, 1 at a time, into the coffee mixture. Line the base and side of the lined pan with one-third of the biscuits. Top with half the chocolate mixture. Arrange half the remaining biscuits, in a single layer, on top of the chocolate mixture. Repeat with the remaining chocolate mixture and biscuits.
487	5	Step 5	Use an electric beater to beat remaining cream, icing sugar and vanilla in a bowl until soft peaks form. Spread over the top of the cake. Cover and place in the fridge overnight to chill.
487	6	Step 6	Transfer cake to a serving plate. Top with cherries to serve.
488	1	Step 1	Sift icing sugar and cocoa together into a medium bowl. Add butter and milk. Using an electric mixer on low speed, mix until ingredients are combined. Increase speed to medium. Beat for a further 2 minutes.
488	2	Step 2	Spread icing over cupcakes, muffins or small cakes.
489	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Grease a 6cm-deep, 22cm square cake pan. Line base and sides with 2 layers of baking paper. Grease a 6cm-deep, 22cm round (base) springform pan. Line base with baking paper. Line sides with 3 layers of baking paper, extending paper 8cm above edge of pan.
489	2	Step 2	Prepare cake mix following packet directions (reserve icing sachet for another use). Pour into prepared square pan. Bake for 30 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre of cake comes out clean. Stand in pan for 10 minutes. Turn onto a wire rack to cool completely.
489	3	Step 3	Using a serrated knife, trim cake to 1 1/2cm high. Using the base of the springform pan as a guide and a small sharp knife, cut around pan to form a circle of cake. Place into base of prepared round pan. Fill any small gaps with cake trimmings. Discard remaining cake trimmings.
489	4	Step 4	Using an electric mixer, beat 1/2 cup condensed milk, 1 1/2 cups thickened cream, melted dark chocolate and coffee liqueur until just-firm peaks form, being careful not to overbeat. Spoon into prepared pan over cake base, levelling top with a spatula. Tap gently on bench to remove any air bubbles. Freeze for 2 hours or until just firm.
489	5	Step 5	Using an electric mixer, beat 1/2 cup remaining condensed milk, 1 1/2 cups remaining thickened cream and hazelnut liqueur until just-firm peaks form. Gradually add cream mixture to melted milk chocolate, folding until just combined. (see Kim’s tips). Spoon over dark chocolate layer in pan, levelling top with a spatula. Tap gently on bench to remove air bubbles. Freeze for 2 hours or until just firm.
489	6	Step 6	Using an electric mixer, beat 1/2 cup remaining condensed milk, 1 1/2 cups remaining thickened cream and caramel sauce until just-firm peaks form. Spoon over milk chocolate layer in pan, levelling top with a spatula. Tap gently on bench to remove any air bubbles. Freeze for 2 hours or until just firm.
489	7	Step 7	Using an electric mixer, beat 1/2 cup remaining condensed milk, 1 1/2 cups remaining thickened cream and vanilla until just-firm peaks form. Fold in Oreo. Spoon mixture over caramel layer in pan, levelling top with a spatula. Tap gently on bench to remove any air bubbles. Cover. Freeze overnight.
489	8	Step 8	Meanwhile make Hazelnut Praline: Place sugar and 1 cup water in a heavy-based saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until sugar is dissolved. Bring to the boil. Boil, without stirring, for 8 to 10 minutes or until mixture becomes golden in colour, brushing down side of pan with cold water if sugar crystals start to form. Remove from heat. Stand for 1 minute or until slightly thickened. Using a fork and working quickly, dip hazelnuts one by one into the toffee to coat, allowing excess to drain off. Place on a baking tray lined with baking paper. Stand for 20 minutes or until set. Roughly chop half the hazelnuts. Keep remaining hazelnuts whole.
489	9	Step 9	Make Chocolate Shards: Line a baking tray with baking paper. Place chocolate melts in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on MEDIUM (50%), stirring with a metal spoon halfway through, for 2 minutes or until melted. Spoon onto prepared tray and spread until 2mm thick. Decorate with sprinkles. Stand for 20 minutes or until set. Roughly cut into large shards.
489	10	Step 10	Carefully remove ice-cream cake from pan. Place on a serving plate. Push chocolate shards into top of cake. Decorate cake with Maltesers, marshmallows, whole and chopped hazelnut praline and sprinkles. Serve immediately.
490	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Line a large baking tray with baking paper. Combine almond meal, brown sugar and chocolate in a bowl.
490	2	Step 2	Cut a 20cm x 24cm rectangle from 1 pastry sheet. Cut 12 slits into pastry, leaving a 2cm border at edges. Cut remaining pastry sheet into an 18cm x 24cm rectangle.
490	3	Step 3	Place smaller pastry sheet on prepared tray. Spread with almond meal mixture, leaving a 3cm border. Top with pear slices. Brush border with egg. Top with larger sheet. Using a fork, press edges together to seal. Brush with egg. Sprinkle with white sugar. Bake for 30 minutes or until golden. Serve with cream.
491	1	Step 1	Soak the gelatine leaves in a bowl of cold water for 5 minutes to soften.
491	2	Step 2	Heat milk and sugar in a saucepan over medium-low heat for 4 minutes, stirring until sugar dissolves – don’t allow to boil. Add chocolate to the milk, stirring well to melt, then remove from the heat.
491	3	Step 3	Squeeze excess water from gelatine, then add leaves to the hot milk mixture, whisking well to dissolve. Stir in liqueur, if using, then strain into a jug. Allow to cool for 1 hour, stirring occasionally.
491	4	Step 4	Rinse six 150ml jelly moulds, then shake dry. Fill with milk mixture, then chill for at least 4 hours, preferably overnight, until the jellies are set.
491	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, combine apricots and honey in a small bowl with enough boiling water to cover. Stir well, then stand for 30 minutes or until apricots are plump. Drain, then halve.
491	6	Step 6	To serve, dip base of each jelly mould briefly in hot water, then turn out onto plates, with apricots on the side.
492	1	Step 1	Place the thin cream and milk in a saucepan over medium heat and bring to the boil. Remove from heat, then add the chocolate. Set aside for 5 minutes until the chocolate melts, then stir to combine.
492	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place the gelatine leaves in a bowl of cold water for 5 minutes to soften. Squeeze dry, then add to the chocolate and milk mixture. Stir well to combine. Pour into a 1-litre (4-cup) dish. Set aside at room temperature to cool, then refrigerate for 2 hours until set.
492	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, to make praline, place nuts on a non-stick baking tray. Place sugar and 60ml (1/4 cup) water in a pan over low heat. Stir to dissolve sugar, increase heat to medium and cook until golden. Quickly pour over the walnuts to completely cover. Set aside at room temperature for 1 hour until firm. Break into rough shards and place in a food processor. Process until a mass of golden crumbs.
492	4	Step 4	Place the base of the jelly mould briefly in warm water and turn out onto a serving plate. Cut into slices and serve with cream and sprinkle with the praline.
493	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C/140°C fan-forced. Line 4 large baking trays with baking paper.
493	2	Step 2	Place butter, sugar and syrup in a saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring, for 4 minutes or until smooth. Transfer to a large heatproof bowl. Stand for 10 minutes. Stir in egg. Sift over flours, cocoa powder, bicarbonate of soda and spices. Stir to combine. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead until dough no longer feels sticky. Wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
493	3	Step 3	Divide dough into 8 even portions. Roll each portion into a 2cm thick, 30cm long log. Cut each log into five 6cm lengths. Place lengths onto prepared trays, 3cm apart. Shape ends of each piece into rounds. Flatten dough slightly. Bake 2 trays at a time, for 15 minutes, or until just firm to touch. Cool on trays.
493	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, make Caramel icing Whisk egg white in a small bowl until frothy. Stir in sifted sugar and flour until smooth. Stir in syrup. Spread tops of jumbles with icing. Stand at room temperature until set. Serve.
494	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 150°C. Lightly grease 4 x 1 1/4-cup capacity ovenproof ramekins.
494	2	Step 2	Lightly spread both sides of bread slices with butter. Cut into fingers.
494	3	Step 3	Using an electric mixer, beat sugar and eggs for 3 minutes, or until pale and thick. Stir in chocolate, milk and Kahlua. Whisk until well combined.
494	4	Step 4	Divide bread between ramekins. Pour over chocolate mixture. Stand for 15 minutes. Place ramekins into a baking dish. Pour boiling water into dish to come halfway up sides of ramekins. Bake for 40 minutes, until set. Serve with ice-cream.
495	1	Step 1	Place chocolate into a heatproof bowl over a saucepan of simmering water. Stir constantly with a metal spoon until smooth. Remove from heat. Add egg yolks, 1 at a time, stirring well. Add Kahlua. Stir well.
495	2	Step 2	Beat eggwhites with an electric mixer until soft peaks form. Add 2 tablespoons of sugar, a little at a time, beating until thick and glossy. Gently fold half the eggwhite mixture into chocolate mixture. Fold through remaining eggwhite.
495	3	Step 3	Fold cream into chocolate mixture.
495	4	Step 4	Spoon into 6 x 3/4-cup ramekins. Cover and refrigerate for at least 3 hours.
495	5	Step 5	Preheat oven to 180°C. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Using a small star biscuit cutter, cut stars from tortillas. Place onto baking tray. Brush with eggwhite. Sprinkle with remaining sugar. Bake for 5 to 10 minutes or until light golden. Cool. Serve with chocolate mousse.
496	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Line 2 large baking trays with non-stick baking paper.
496	2	Step 2	Use an electric beater to whisk the egg whites and cream of tartar in a clean, dry bowl until soft peaks form. Gradually add the sugar and whisk until sugar dissolves. Use a metal spoon to fold in the cocoa powder, almond meal and almond essence until well combined.
496	3	Step 3	Spoon mixture into a piping bag with a fluted 1cm-diameter nozzle. Pipe sixty 2cm-round meringues, about 2cm apart, onto 1 tray. Bake in oven for 15 minutes or until meringues are crisp. Remove from oven and set aside to cool completely.
496	4	Step 4	Place the chocolate in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan half-filled with simmering water (make sure the bowl doesn't touch the water). Use a metal spoon to stir until chocolate melts.
496	5	Step 5	Dip base of 1 meringue into chocolate and sandwich with another meringue. Repeat with remaining meringues and chocolate. Place on tray and set aside for 10 minutes to set. Serve with coffee
497	1	Step 1	Place chocolate and butter in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on medium-high (75%) for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring with a metal spoon every 30 seconds, or until melted and combined. Cool completely.
497	2	Step 2	Grease eight 175ml-capacity ceramic ovenproof dishes. Sprinkle with flour. Using an electric mixer, beat eggs and sugar for 8 to 10 minutes or until thick and creamy. Fold in chocolate mixture, then flour. Spoon mixture into prepared dishes. Freeze for 1 hour.
497	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Place dishes on a baking tray. Bake for 16 minutes or until just set (cakes will wobble when touched).
497	4	Step 4	Stand dishes for 1 minute. Turn onto plates. Top with cream. Dust with cocoa powder. Serve.
498	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Grease a 6cm-deep, 22cm (base) round cake pan. Line base and side with baking paper. Sift flour, bicarbonate of soda and cocoa into a medium bowl.
498	2	Step 2	Place butter, sugar and vanilla in a large bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat until light and fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating after each addition. Add half the flour mixture. Stir to combine. Add half the buttermilk. Stir to combine. Repeat with remaining flour mixture and buttermilk.
498	3	Step 3	Spread mixture into prepared pan. Bake for 40 minutes or until a skewer inserted in the centre comes out clean. Stand in pan for 10 minutes. Turn out onto a wire rack to cool.
498	4	Step 4	Make Chocolate icing: Place butter, vanilla and cocoa in a bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat until fluffy. Gradually beat in icing sugar. Add milk, beating for 2 to 3 minutes or until light and fluffy.
498	5	Step 5	Using a serrated knife, cut cake into thirds crossways. Place base on a plate. Spread with 1/2 cup icing. Repeat with middle layer. Sandwich with cake top. Spread remaining icing over top and side of cake. Decorate with chocolate flakes. Serve.
499	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Brush eight x 3/4-cup (185ml) capacity ovenproof dishes with butter to lightly grease. Place on an oven tray.
499	2	Step 2	Combine the flour, half the sugar and half the cocoa in a medium bowl. Add the milk, butter and egg and stir until just combined. Spoon evenly among the prepared dishes.
499	3	Step 3	Sift the remaining sugar and cocoa together in a bowl. Sprinkle evenly over each dish. Pour the boiling water and chocolate liqueur evenly among each dish.
499	4	Step 4	Bake in a preheated oven for 15-20 minutes or until a cake top forms on the surface. Remove from oven and set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly. Serve immediately with vanilla ice-cream or cream, if desired.
500	1	Step 1	Grease a 20cm x 30cm lamington pan. Line base and sides with baking paper, extending paper 3cm above edges of pan.
500	2	Step 2	Place dark chocolate, copha and Mars Bars in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook, stirring, for 4 to 5 minutes or until melted and combined. Stand for 2 minutes.
500	3	Step 3	Place rice bubbles in a large heatproof bowl. Add chocolate mixture. Stir well to combine. Add Bounty and Cherry Ripe bars. Stir well. Spoon mixture into prepared pan, pressing with the back of a spoon to level. Sprinkle with hundreds and thousands. Cover. Refrigerate overnight or until set. Serve cut into squares.
501	1	Step 1	Use a small, sharp knife to cut the length of the corn close to the core to remove the kernels. Repeat with remaining cob.
501	2	Step 2	Cook corn kernels in a saucepan of boiling water over medium-high heat for 2 minutes. Drain.
501	3	Step 3	Sift flour into medium bowl and make a well in centre. Whisk together milk and eggs in a jug. Gradually stir milk mixture into flour to make smooth batter. Stir in corn and chives. Season with salt and pepper.
501	4	Step 4	Brush a large non-stick frying pan with oil and heat over medium-high heat. Spoon four 1/4-cup quantities of batter into pan, about 4cm apart. Cook for 1-2 minutes or until golden underneath and bubbles appear on the surface. Turn and cook for a further 30 seconds until golden underneath. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel and cover with foil to keep warm. Repeat with remaining batter in 2 more batches to make 12 pancakes.
501	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, combine the sour cream and dill in a small bowl.
501	6	Step 6	Place 2 pancakes on each plate. Top with slices of smoked salmon and dollop with dill sour cream. Serve with lemon wedges and dill sprigs if desired.
502	1	Step 1	Sift flour, baking powder and a pinch of salt in a bowl. Make a well in centre.
502	2	Step 2	Whisk milk and egg together in a bowl. Add corn. Stir to combine. Add to well. Stir to combine. Stir in chives and cheese.
502	3	Step 3	Lightly spray a non-stick frying pan with oil. Heat over medium heat. Using 1 tablespoon batter at a time, cook pikelets, in batches, for 1 to 2 minutes or until bubbles form on surface. Carefully turn. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes or until golden and cooked through. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Repeat with remaining batter to make 20 pikelets. Serve with cream cheese.
503	1	Step 1	Use a sharp knife to cut down the length of the corn, close to the core, to remove the kernels.
503	2	Step 2	Place the corn, stock and ginger in a large saucepan. Cover and bring to the boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium and simmer, uncovered, for 5 minutes or until the corn softens slightly.
503	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, whisk together the soy sauce, cornflour and 1 tablespoon of water in a small bowl until smooth. Whisk together the egg whites and remaining water in a bowl.
503	4	Step 4	Add the cornflour mixture to the corn mixture and stir until well combined. Cook for 1 minute or until the soup thickens slightly. Gradually add the egg mixture in a thin, steady stream, stirring constantly until combined. Stir in the crab meat and shallot. Season with pepper. Ladle among serving bowls and sprinkle with the coriander. Serve.
504	1	Step 1	Melt the butter and oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add bacon and leek. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until the bacon is crisp. Add the flour. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Remove from heat. Gradually stir in the stock. Place over medium heat. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until mixture thickens.
504	2	Step 2	Reduce heat to low. Add the potato and thyme. Cook for 15 minutes.
504	3	Step 3	Add the corn kernels and cook, stirring often, for 10 minutes or until the potato is soft.
504	4	Step 4	Add the fish and cream. Cook for 5 minutes or until the fish is cooked. Stir in parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Ladle among serving bowls. Top with extra thyme to serve.
505	1	Step 1	Process corn, onion, paprika, coriander and chilli sauce until combined. Transfer to a bowl. Add sour cream. Stir to combine. Season with pepper. Top with tomato. Serve with crisps.
506	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 180°C. Place the tomatoes on a baking tray and drizzle with olive oil. Roast in the oven for 5 minutes or until starting to split.
506	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, sift flour, baking powder and 1 teaspoon salt into a bowl with the sugar. Beat the egg and milk in a jug until well combined. Add to the flour, then stir until you have a smooth batter. Add the ham, corn, capsicum, spring onion and chives, then stir to combine. Season to taste with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper.
506	3	Step 3	Heat 2cm sunflower oil in a frypan over medium-high heat. Using a heaped tablespoon of batter for each fritter, add 3-4 spoonfuls to the pan and cook for 2-3 minutes each side until golden. Keep warm while you repeat to make 12 fritters in total. Serve with the tomatoes, rocket, sour cream and chilli sauce.
507	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Use a rolling pin to gently roll out bread slices to 5mm thick. Brush each bread slice with the butter. Line eight 1/3-cup capacity muffin pans, buttered-side down, with the bread slices.
507	2	Step 2	Arrange the corn, cheese, ham and green onions evenly among the muffin pans. Pour the egg evenly among each pan. Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes or until just set and lightly golden. Remove from oven and set aside to cool slightly. Place in an airtight container in the fridge to chill.
508	1	Step 1	Drain 420g can corn kernels in a sieve, pressing out liquid with the back of a spoon. Wash and dry 1 bunch coriander. Pick leaves and roughly chop.
508	2	Step 2	Combine the corn kernels, coriander leaves, 3 shallots, finely sliced, 250g sour cream, pinch cayenne pepper and 1 lime, rind finely grated and juiced. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, for the flavours to develop.
508	3	Step 3	Serve the dips with corn chips.
509	1	Step 1	Use a sharp knife to cut kernels from cobs. Cook in a saucepan of boiling water for 2 minutes. Add peas and cook for 1 minute or until just tender. Refresh under cold running water. Drain well.
509	2	Step 2	Place the flour in a large bowl and make a well in the centre. Add the egg and milk and stir, drawing in a little flour at a time to make a smooth batter. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside for 30 minutes to rest.
509	3	Step 3	Add the corn and peas to the batter and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
509	4	Step 4	Heat a little of the oil in a large non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Spoon four 1/4-cupfuls of batter around the pan, allowing room for spreading. Cook for 1-2 minutes or until bubbles have risen to the surface and the fritter is golden underneath. Turn with a spatula and cook for a further 1-2 minutes or until just cooked through. Transfer to a plate. Repeat in 2 more batches with remaining batter and oil, reheating pan between batches.
509	5	Step 5	Place the fritters on a serving platter. Dollop with a little creme fraiche and top with salmon roe and dill sprigs. Serve immediately.
510	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large heavy-based stock pot over medium-low heat. Add leek, carrot and celery. Cook for 5 mins. Add chilli and garlic and cook for 1 min. Add flour and cook, stirring for 1 min.
510	2	Step 2	Gradually add stock, cream, 1 cup (250ml) water, potatoes, creamed corn and corn. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer, covered, for 25 mins or until potato is tender.
510	3	Step 3	Ladle soup into bowls and top with chives and extra chilli flakes. Serve with crusty bread.
511	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Wash and scrub potatoes. Pat dry with paper towel. Pierce potatoes all over with a fork and place straight on an oven shelf. Bake for 1 hour and 20 minutes or until tender.
511	2	Step 2	Remove potatoes from oven and set aside until cool to touch. Cut a thin lid off the top and discard. Scoop potato flesh into a bowl. Place potato shells, cut-side up, in a roasting pan.
511	3	Step 3	Mash potato flesh with a fork or potato masher. Add milk, butter, garlic and egg yolks. Season with salt and pepper. Stir until smooth. Stir in corn, green onions and cheese.
511	4	Step 4	Using an electric mixer, beat eggwhites in a bowl until soft peaks form. Add 1 tablespoon eggwhite to potato mixture. Stir until well combined. Fold in the remaining eggwhite.
511	5	Step 5	Spoon potato mixture into potato shells (it will overflow slightly). Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until puffed and light golden. Serve.
512	1	Step 1	Sift flour into a large bowl. Whisk in combined buttermilk, egg yolks and butter until smooth.
512	2	Step 2	Blend in corn, prawns, coriander and paprika. Season to taste.
512	3	Step 3	In a small bowl, using an electric mixer, beat egg whites until soft peaks form (see Notes). Lightly fold through corn mixture.
512	4	Step 4	Brush a large frying pan with the extra melted butter. Spoon 1/4-cup measures of the batter into pan in batches of 4. Cook on medium, for 2-3 mins. Turn and cook for 1 min, until golden.
512	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, to make the dressing, whisk together all dressing ingredients in a jug.
512	6	Step 6	Serve pancakes topped with coriander leaves. Accompany with dressing, for drizzling.
513	1	Step 1	Use a small sharp knife to cut down the length of the corn, close to the core, to remove the kernels. Cook corn in a small saucepan of boiling water for 2 minutes or until tender. Drain.
513	2	Step 2	Whisk together the flour and egg in a medium bowl. Gradually add the milk. Add the corn and onion and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
513	3	Step 3	Spray a large non-stick frying pan with oil spray to grease. Place over medium heat. Spoon five 1-tablespoonful quantities of corn mixture into the pan, allowing room for spreading. Cook for 1-2 minutes or until golden underneath and bubbles appear on the surface. Turn and cook for a further 30 seconds or until golden underneath. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with remaining batter in 3 more batches, regreasing the pan with olive oil spray between each batch.
513	4	Step 4	Place the fritters on a serving platter and dollop with sour cream. Top with slices of smoked trout and dill sprigs. Serve with lemon, if desired.
514	1	Step 1	Preheat the grill to high.
514	2	Step 2	Using a sharp knife, cut down each side of the corn cobs to remove the kernels (or drain canned corn).
514	3	Step 3	Beat together buttermilk, eggs, ricotta, flour, salt and pepper in a bowl. stir in the corn and chives.
514	4	Step 4	Heat a large non-stick frypan over medium heat and spray with olive oil. using 1/3 cup (80ml) of batter for each corn cake, spoon the batter into the pan in batches of 2-3. Cook for 2-3 minutes each side until browned and cooked through. Keep warm while you repeat with the remaining batter to make 8 corn cakes in total.
514	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, place the tomatoes on a baking tray. season well with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, then grill for 6-8 minutes until softened and just starting to split.
514	6	Step 6	Arrange the corn cakes on plates, top with the tomatoes, drizzle with pesto, then scatter with the basil leaves and serve.
515	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Place tomatoes on a baking tray lined with baking paper and sprinkle with oil, sugar, salt and pepper. Bake for 15-20 minutes until tender. Remove and set aside.
515	2	Step 2	Steam or boil the corn for 2-3 minutes until tender. Set aside.Place balsamic vinegar and extra oil in a small bowl, and whisk to combine.
515	3	Step 3	To serve, arrange corn and tomatoes on a serving plate. Drizzle with dressing and sprinkle with basil and parsley. Serve warm or cold.
516	1	Step 1	Whisk together the milk and egg in a large jug. Combine the flour, corn, shallot and salt in a large bowl. Add the milk mixture to the corn mixture and use a balloon whisk to whisk until a smooth batter forms.
516	2	Step 2	Spray a large non-stick frying pan with olive oil spray to grease. Heat over medium heat. Place 6 tablespoonfuls of the corn mixture into the pan, allowing room for spreading. Cook for 1-2 minutes or until bubbles appear on the surface and the blinis are golden underneath. Turn and cook for a further 1 minute or until golden underneath. Transfer to a plate. Repeat, in 2 more batches, with the remaining corn mixture, spraying the pan with olive oil spray between batches, to make 18 blini.
516	3	Step 3	Cut each trout slice into 3 portions. Divide the blini among serving plates. Top with the trout, rocket and sour cream. Season with pepper to serve.
517	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 210C. Roughly chop onion and garlic. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large saucepan over medium–high heat. Add onion, garlic and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until onion is softened.
517	2	Step 2	Rinse peas, then add to pan with paprika and corn, and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until corn is thawed. Add 1.25L boiling water and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer, partially covered with a lid, for 15 minutes or until peas are tender.
517	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, to make damper, combine flour, sugar and 1 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Add tomatoes and remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Using a dinner knife, combine ingredients using a cutting action until mixture just comes together. Using floured hands, divide into 8 balls. Line an oven tray with baking paper and place balls on tray. Flatten each to a 7cm round, then, using a dinner knife, mark a cross into tops. Crumble over 50g feta and bake for 15 minutes or until risen and lightly browned.
517	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, crumble remaining feta into a bowl. Thinly slice chillies and add to bowl. Add butter to soup, then, using a stick blender, blend until smooth. Season and thin, if necessary, with a little extra water.
517	5	Step 5	Ladle soup among bowls, scatter with feta and chilli mixture, and drizzle over a little extra oil. Serve immediately with feta and tomato damper.
518	1	Step 1	Cut sweet potato in half lengthways. Place on a large, microwave-safe plate. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon of cold water. Cover with plastic wrap. Microwave on high (100%) for 2 minutes or until almost tender. Allow to cool for 10 minutes. Coarsely grate.
518	2	Step 2	Sift flour into a bowl. Whisk eggs and buttermilk together in a jug. Add to flour. Whisk until well combined. Stir in corn and coriander. Season with salt and pepper. Fold in sweet potato.
518	3	Step 3	Heat a large, non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Spray with oil. Using 1/4 cup of mixture per fritter, spoon mixture into hot pan, spreading to form a 12cm round. Cook fritters, in batches, for 2 minutes each side or until golden and firm to touch.
518	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, place carrots, peas and squash in a steamer basket. Place over a saucepan of simmering water. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until tender.
518	5	Step 5	Place 3 fritters on each plate. Top with 1 tablespoon of yoghurt. Season with pepper. Serve with vegetables.
519	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 190°C. Place egg tomatoes, cut-side up, over a rack in a roasting pan. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon oil and saba, scatter with garlic, season and roast for 15 minutes. Reduce temperature to 150°C and roast for 30 minutes. Add grape tomatoes and roast for a further 15 minutes. Remove from oven and cool in pan.
519	2	Step 2	Cook cobs on a pre-heated griddle pan or barbecue over medium heat, turning for 15 minutes until cooked. Cool, then cut kernels closely from cobs in large pieces. Combine corn, cooked tomatoes and ox-heart tomatoes on a platter. Whisk vinegar and remaining oil together, season and drizzle over salad.
520	1	Step 1	Whisk together the corn, zucchini, eggs and milk. Gradually stir in the sifted flour and cumin, salt and pepper.
520	2	Step 2	Heat a little oil in a non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Using a tablespoon, place heaped spoonfuls of the mixture in the pan and cook in batches. Using a spatula, turn them once, until golden and cooked through. Drain on paper towel, cover and keep warm as you cook remaining fritters.
520	3	Step 3	Serve the cakes with chopped tomato, avocado, coriander leaves and sweet chilli sauce.
521	1	Step 1	Reserve 40g (1/4 cup) of the corn. Place the flour, eggs and remaining corn in the bowl of a food processor. Season with salt and pepper. Process, scraping down the sides of the bowl occasionally, for 3 minutes or until well combined. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the reserved corn.
521	2	Step 2	Place the avocado, lime juice and Tabasco in the clean bowl of a food processor. Season with salt and pepper. Process for 1 minute or until smooth. Transfer to an airtight container. Cover the surface with plastic wrap and store in the fridge.
521	3	Step 3	Spray a large non-stick frying pan with olive oil spray to grease. Heat over medium-high heat. Place five 1-tablespoon quantities of the batter into the pan, allowing room for spreading. Cook for 30 seconds each side or until golden. Transfer to a baking tray lined with paper towel. Repeat, in 5 more batches, with the remaining batter, reheating the pan between batches, to make 25 blini.
521	4	Step 4	Spoon the avocado mixture among the blini. Top with salmon roe and coriander leaves to serve.
522	1	Step 1	Place flour, egg and buttermilk in a bowl. Whisk until smooth. Stir in onion and corn.
522	2	Step 2	Spray a large non-stick frying pan with oil. Heat over medium-high heat. Using 2 teaspoons mixture per blini, cook 6 blini for 2 minutes each side or until lightly browned and cooked through. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Repeat to make 24 blini.
522	3	Step 3	Combine sour cream, dill, chives and lemon rind in a bowl.
522	4	Step 4	Place blini on a platter. Top each with 1 teaspoon sour cream mixture and 1 prawn. Season with salt and pepper. Serve.
523	1	Step 1	Combine flour, cornmeal, yeast, sugar and 2 teaspoons fine sea salt in a large bowl, add 400ml lukewarm water and olive oil, then stir until mixture comes together. Knead dough on a well-floured surface for 10 minutes or until smooth and elastic, adding a little more flourif dough is sticky. Place dough in an oiled bowl, turn to coat, then cover with plastic wrap and leave in a warm place until doubled in size.
523	2	Step 2	Knock down dough, then cut in half. Pat each half into a 30cm-long rectangle, roll into a log shape starting from a long side, then place, seam-side down, 10cm apart on a heavy-based oven tray that has been dusted with cornmeal. With a sharp knife, cut a slash along the length of each loaf, then scatter with a little coarse cornmeal and sea salt. Cover with a tea towel and leave in a warm place to prove for 20 minutes or until doubled in size.
523	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 220°C. Bake for 20 minutes or until risen and golden.
524	1	Step 1	Combine the corn kernels, water chestnuts, noodles, snow peas, water, vegetable stock and soy sauce in a medium saucepan. Cover and bring to boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium and simmer, covered, for 4-5 minutes or until the noodles are tender.
524	2	Step 2	Use tongs to place noodles into serving bowls. Ladle over hot broth and sprinkle with green shallots.
525	1	Step 1	Place avocado and lime juice in a small food processor. Process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl. Cover, set aside.
525	2	Step 2	Sift flours into a large bowl. Make a well in centre. Whisk eggs and milk together in a jug. Add to flour. Whisk until smooth. Stir in corn and coriander. Season with salt and pepper.
525	3	Step 3	Heat a greased barbecue hot plate on medium heat. Spoon 2 heaped tablespoons of mixture onto barbecue plate, spreading slightly with a spatula. Repeat to make 7 more rounds. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes each side or until golden and cooked through. Transfer to a plate. Cover to keep warm.
525	4	Step 4	Add chorizo slices to barbecue plate. Cook for 1 minute each side or until crisp. Drain on paper towel. Place corn cakes on a serving plate. Top with a dollop of avocado puree, chorizo and a coriander sprig. Serve.
526	1	Step 1	Sift the flour and salt into a large bowl. Whisk the eggs and milk in a separate bowl. Add the egg mixture to the flour mixture, whisking constantly until smooth. Stir in the corn and shallot.
526	2	Step 2	Heat a large non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Reserve 1/2 teaspoon of oil. Add a little of remaining oil to the pan. Swirl to coat. Spoon five 1-tablespoonful portions of corn mixture into the pan. Cook for 2-3 minutes each side or until golden. Transfer to a plate. Repeat, in 5 more batches, with remaining oil and corn mixture, reheating pan between batches.
526	3	Step 3	Use a fork to mash the avocado in a bowl. Stir in the lime juice and chopped coriander. Season with salt and pepper.
526	4	Step 4	Heat the reserved oil in the frying pan over medium-high heat. Add half the chorizo and cook for 2 minutes each side or until golden. Transfer to a baking tray and cover with foil to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining chorizo.
526	5	Step 5	Add half the prawns to the pan. Cook for 2 minutes each side or until golden. Transfer to the tray. Cover with foil to keep warm. Repeat with remaining prawns.
526	6	Step 6	Divide the avocado mixture among the corn cakes. Top with the prawns and chorizo. Sprinkle with coriander leaves. Season with pepper to serve.
527	1	Step 1	Heat a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Spray sausages with oil. Cook, turning, for 8 to 10 minutes or until cooked through. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel. Cover to keep warm.
527	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, sift flours into a bowl. Make a well in centre. Whisk eggs and milk together in a jug. Pour into flour. Whisk until smooth. Stir in vegetable mix, basil and ricotta. Season with salt and pepper.
527	3	Step 3	Spray a frying pan with oil. Heat over medium-high heat. Spoon 1/4 cup vegetable mixture into pan. Repeat to make 4 cakes. Cook for 3 minutes each side or until golden and cooked through. Transfer to a plate. Cover to keep warm. Repeat to make 12 cakes. Serve with chipolatas, tomato chilli sauce (see related recipe) and rocket.
528	1	Step 1	Pre-heat oven to 180°C. In a large bowl, combine 1/2 cup drained, canned corn kernels, 3/4 cup grated tasty cheese, 1 1/2 tablespoons chopped chives, 1/3 cup olive oil, 2 eggs and 3/4 cup milk. Add 2 cups sifted plain flour and 3 teaspoons baking powder, folding in gently until just combined.
528	2	Step 2	Spoon mixture into two lightly greased 12-hole mini muffin pans. Bake for 20 minutes or until golden. Serve warm or cold.
529	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Combine polenta, flour, salt and baking powder in a bowl. Add oil and 1/2 cup cold water. Stir to combine.
529	2	Step 2	Divide dough into 2 balls. Using a rolling pin, roll 1 ball between 2 sheets of baking paper until 1mm thick (37cm x 28cm rectangle). Sprinkle with sea salt. Cover with baking paper. Re-roll lightly to press in salt. Remove top sheet of paper.
529	3	Step 3	Lift paper and dough onto a baking tray. Using a metal ruler, mark dough into 5cm triangles, pressing down firmly. Repeat with remaining dough ball.
529	4	Step 4	Bake, 1 tray at a time, for 15 to 18 minutes or until golden and crisp. Cool on trays. Break into triangles.
530	1	Step 1	Preheat a barbecue grill or chargrill on medium-high. Spray corn with oil. Cook on grill for 10-15 mins or until browned all over and cooked through. Cool slightly. Stand each cob upright and cut down close to the core to remove the kernels. Place in a large bowl. Add the red onion, spring onion, garlic, coriander and lime juice. Season. Add the feta and gently toss to combine.
530	2	Step 2	Combine sour cream and chilli sauce in a small bowl.
530	3	Step 3	Arrange the corn chips in a single layer on a platter. Spoon a heaped tsp of corn mixture onto each corn chip and press on lightly. Top with 1/2 teaspoon of sour cream mixture and a drop of extra chilli sauce.
531	1	Step 1	Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and bacon. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until onion is tender. Add flour, stirring constantly. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Combine milk and stock. Slowly add to bacon mixture, stirring until well combined.
531	2	Step 2	Bring to the boil, stirring occasionally. Add corn, potatoes, thyme, and salt and pepper. Return to the boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer, uncovered, for 15 to 20 minutes or until thickened and heated through. Season with salt and pepper. Serve.
532	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until soft.
532	2	Step 2	Add the stock, creamed corn and corn kernels. Increase heat to high. Bring to the boil.
532	3	Step 3	Reduce heat to medium. Stir in the sesame oil and three-quarters of the shallot. Simmer for 1 minute or until heated through.
532	4	Step 4	Ladle chowder among serving mugs or bowls. Top with remaining shallot and coriander. Season with pepper to serve.
533	1	Step 1	Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, leek, celery and some salt and pepper and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until the vegetables soften. Add the potato, corn and milk, bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer for 15 minutes or until the potato is tender. Cool slightly, transfer half to a blender and puree until smooth. Return the puree to the pan with the parsley and stir over low heat for 2 minutes to heat through.
533	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, toast or chargrill bread on both sides, rub all over with the whole garlic clove, then cut into 1.5cm cubes.
533	3	Step 3	Spoon soup into bowls, scatter with croutons and extra parsley, then serve.
534	1	Step 1	Spray a chargrill with oil. Heat over medium-high heat. Combine butter, chilli and oregano in a bowl.
534	2	Step 2	Place corn on a microwave-safe plate. Cover with plastic wrap. Microwave on high (100%) for 4 minutes. Transfer to chargrill. Cook, turning, for 6 to 8 minutes or until charred and tender.
534	3	Step 3	Serve with butter mixture.
535	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Grease 24 x 1 1/2-tablespoon (30ml) capacity mini muffin pans.
535	2	Step 2	Use a small, sharp knife to cut down the length of the corn cob, close to the core, to remove kernels. Cook in a medium saucepan of boiling water for 2 minutes or until tender. Refresh under cold running water. Drain well.
535	3	Step 3	Whisk the eggs and cream together in a medium bowl until well combined. Add the corn and green onions and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon half the mixture evenly among the prepared pans. Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes or until cooked through. Remove from oven and set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly. Transfer frittatas to a plate. Re-grease pans and repeat with remaining corn mixture.
535	4	Step 4	Arrange corn frittatas on a serving platter. Top with a dollop of creme fraiche and salmon roe. Top with a dill sprig and serve immediately.
536	1	Step 1	Sift the flour into a large bowl. Stir in the corn, milk and egg until just combined. Season with salt and white pepper.
536	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a large non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Spoon four 1-tablespoonful quantities of corn mixture into pan. Flatten slightly. Cook for 1-2 minutes each side or until golden and cooked through. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel. Repeat, in 4 more batches, with the remaining batter, reheating the pan between batches.
536	3	Step 3	Place fritters on a serving platter. Transfer capsicum dip to a sealable bag. Cut 1 corner from bag. Pipe smiley faces on the fritters.
537	1	Step 1	Use a fork to whisk together the corn, egg and cheddar in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Add the flour and use a wooden spoon to stir until the mixture is well combined.
537	2	Step 2	Heat a 20cm (base measurement) non-stick frying pan, with a lid, over low heat. Add 1 1/2 tablespoons of the oil and swirl the pan to coat the base and side. Add the corn mixture and spread evenly over the base. Cover and cook for 5 minutes or until the fritter is golden underneath.
537	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, preheat grill on medium. Brush a baking tray with 1 tablespoon of the remaining oil. Place the bacon, in a single layer, on the prepared tray. Cook under grill for 2 minutes each side or until golden. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel. Coarsely chop. Combine the bacon, salad leaves, avocado and tomatoes in a large bowl.
537	4	Step 4	Use an egg lifter to gently transfer the fritter onto a large plate. Place the pan, upside-down, over the plate and invert the fritter back into the pan, uncooked-side down. Press down lightly to spread the fritter to the edge of the pan. Cook for a further 4 minutes or until the fritter is firm and cooked through.
537	5	Step 5	Drizzle the balsamic vinegar and remaining olive oil over the salad and toss to combine. Cut the fritter into wedges and serve with the salad.
538	1	Step 1	Sift flour into a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Stir until well combined. Make a well in the centre.
538	2	Step 2	Whisk buttermilk and eggs in a jug. Add to flour mixture with corn kernels, creamed corn and chives. Using a large metal spoon, gently fold ingredients together until combined (don't overmix).
538	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 150°C. Heat a non-stick frying pan over medium heat. When hot, remove from heat. Spray with oil. Return frying pan to heat. Add heaped tablespoonfuls of mixture, 3 at a time. Use a knife to spread to 8cm (diameter) rounds.
538	4	Step 4	Cook for 2 minutes or until bubbles appear on surface. Turn. Cook for a further 2 minutes or until fritters are firm to the touch. Keep warm in oven while cooking remaining fritters. Place onto plates. Top with chives. Serve with chutney.
539	1	Step 1	Place flour into a large mixing bowl and make a well in the centre. Use a fork to whisk eggs and milk in a jug and pour gradually into the flour, stirring gently to combine. Fold in corn, chives and fetta. Don’t over-mix or the fritters will be tough.
539	2	Step 2	Wrap butter in a piece of paper towel. Heat a large frying pan over medium heat and wipe with the butter to grease. Drop 1/4 cupfuls of mixture into the pan (you’ll have to cook in batches). Cook for about 2-3 mins, until golden brown underneath, then turn and cook the other side. Repeat with the butter and fritter mixture.
539	3	Step 3	Serve fritters with avocado, rocket and sweet chilli sauce.
540	1	Step 1	Place the self-raising flour and cornflour into a bowl. Stir in the 2 egg yolks and milk and mix to combine.
540	2	Step 2	Whip the eggwhites until stiff and gently fold into the flour mixture. Drain and rinse the corn kernels and add to the flour mixture. Stir in the spring onions.
540	3	Step 3	Heat the oil in a non-stick frying pan. Add heaped tablespoons of the mixture to the pan and cook until golden on both sides. Serve with a little sweet chilli sauce, if desired.
541	1	Step 1	Cook corn in a small saucepan of boiling water for 2 minutes or until heated through. Refresh under cold running water. Drain well.
541	2	Step 2	Place the flour in a large bowl. Combine the eggs and buttermilk in a small bowl. Add to the flour and stir to combine. Add corn and stir to combine.
541	3	Step 3	Heat a large frying pan over high heat. Add bacon and cook for 2 minutes each side or until crisp. Transfer to a plate.
541	4	Step 4	Heat oil in the pan (if required). Spoon four 2-tablespoonsful of corn mixture around the edge of the pan. Cook for 1-2 minutes or until bubbles have risen to the surface and fritters are golden underneath. Turn and cook for a further 1-2 minute or until just cooked through. Transfer to a plate. Repeat in another batch with remaining batter.
541	5	Step 5	Place corn fritters on serving plates. Dollop with avocado and top with bacon. Spoon over tomato and serve immediately.
542	1	Step 1	Place the avocado, sour cream and chilli in the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. Taste and season with salt.
542	2	Step 2	Place the corn, egg, coriander and flour in a medium bowl and whisk until well combined. Heat the oil in a large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Spoon 1 tablespoon of batter into the pan. Repeat to make 3 more fritters, spaced about 2cm apart, and cook for 2 minutes each side or until golden and cooked through. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil to keep warm. Repeat with remaining batter to make 4 more fritters.
542	3	Step 3	Serve fritters with avocado cream.
543	1	Step 1	Sift flour, baking powder, sugar and 1/2 teaspoon salt into a bowl. Place the egg and milk in a separate bowl and whisk to combine, then add to the dry ingredients and stir to combine. Add the corn, parsley, spring onion and half the capsicum and coriander, then season and fold to combine.
543	2	Step 2	To make the salsa, combine the avocado, lime juice and remaining capsicum and coriander in a bowl. Set aside.
543	3	Step 3	Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a frypan over medium-high heat. In 3 batches, add 2 tablespoonfuls batter for each fritter to frypan and cook for 2 minutes each side until golden and cooked through. Keep warm and repeat with remaining oil and batter.
543	4	Step 4	Serve fritters with avocado salsa, pancetta and tomato.
544	1	Step 1	Remove and discard husks and silks from cobs. Lay cobs flat. Carefully cut along the length of the cob to remove kernels. Repeat with remaining cobs. You will need 2 cups kernels. Place kernels in a bowl.
544	2	Step 2	Using scissors, snip off the roots of each spring onion and discard. Snip 10cm off the green end of each spring onion and discard. Snip spring onions and chives into 1cm lengths and add to corn. Snip parsley into small pieces and add to corn mixture. Gently stir to combine.
544	3	Step 3	Sift both flours, baking powder and 1 teaspoon salt into a separate bowl. Crack eggs into a jug, add buttermilk and lemon juice, and whisk until well combined. Make a well (hollow area) in the centre of dry ingredients. Whisking continuously, pour egg mixture into well until batter is smooth. Add corn mixture and stir to combine. Season with freshly ground black pepper and rest for 10 minutes.
544	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, to make salsa, remove and discard avocado seed (see note). Cut avocado flesh into 1cm pieces and turn out in a large bowl. Remove stems from tomatoes and cut into quarters and add to bowl. Using scissors, snip chives into 1cm pieces and add to bowl. Drizzle over olive oil and lemon juice and toss gently to combine. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
544	5	Step 5	Preheat oven to 120C and line a plate with paper towel. Heat a thin layer of vegetable oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Working in 4 batches, use a 60ml (1/4 cup) measuring cup to scoop 3 level cupfuls of mixture (1 for each fritter) into pan. Cook for 4 minutes each side or until golden and crisp. Transfer to lined plate and keep warm in oven.
544	6	Step 6	To cook bacon: Preheat grill to high. Line an oven tray with foil. Cut bacon in half widthwise and place on lined tray. Grill for 3 minutes or until crisp. Drain on paper towel.
544	7	Step 7	To serve: Place 3 fritters on each plate, then top with bacon rashers and one-quarter of salsa. Season with salt and pepper, then serve with lemon wedges.
545	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Place tomatoes, cut-side up, on a baking tray. Spread the pesto over the cut side of each tomato. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes or until tomatoes are tender and slightly wilted. Remove from oven and set aside.
545	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, use a sharp knife to cut down the length of the corn cobs close to the core to remove the kernels. Cook corn in a small saucepan of salted boiling water for 2 minutes or until tender. Drain well.
545	3	Step 3	Whisk the egg and flour until smooth. Gradually whisk in buttermilk. Add the corn and green onion and stir. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside for 15 minutes.
545	4	Step 4	Heat a large non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook for 2-3 minutes each side or until crisp. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil.
545	5	Step 5	Spoon 2 tablespoons of corn mixture per fritter into the pan. Allowing room for spreading, you should be able to cook 4 fritters at a time. Cook for 2 minutes or until bubbles have risen to the surface and fritters are golden underneath. Turn and cook for 1-2 minutes or until just cooked through. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil. Repeat with remaining corn mixture.
545	6	Step 6	Place the corn fritters on serving dishes. Top with bacon, avocado and tomatoes. Drizzle with extra pesto, if desired.
546	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 150°C. Place a wire rack over a baking tray lined with paper towel. Combine vinegar and extra-virgin olive oil in a small jug. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.
546	2	Step 2	Sift flour, nutmeg and paprika into a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Make a well in the centre. Add mineral water and egg. Whisk until a smooth batter forms. Add corn, onions, dill, mint, capsicum and chilli. Stir gently to combine.
546	3	Step 3	Add butter and enough vegetable oil to a large non-stick frying pan to cover base. Heat over medium heat. Using 1/4 cup mixture per fritter, spoon mixture, 3 fritters at a time, into hot oil mixture. Cook for 4 to 5 minutes each side or until golden and cooked through. Transfer to wire rack. Keep warm in oven while cooking remaining fritters. Place fritters on plates. Top with rocket. Drizzle with balsamic dressing and serve with bread.
547	1	Step 1	Place the green onion in a bowl of iced water and set aside for 15 minutes to curl.
547	2	Step 2	Use a small, sharp knife to remove the kernels from the corn. Cook the corn in a saucepan of boiling water for 1 minute or until tender. Drain well.
547	3	Step 3	Combine the egg and flour in a bowl. Gradually stir in the buttermilk. Add the corn and sliced green onion and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
547	4	Step 4	Heat 2 teaspoons of the oil in a small frying pan over medium-high heat. Drop five 1/2 tablespoonsful of corn mixture around the pan, allowing room for spreading. Cook for 1 minute or until golden underneath and bubbles rise to the top. Turn and cook for a further 30 seconds or until golden. Transfer to a plate. Repeat in 5 more batches with remaining oil and batter, reheating oil between each batch.
547	5	Step 5	Spoon the sour cream and salmon roe evenly among each fritter and top with a green onion curl. Place on a serving platter to serve.
548	1	Step 1	For the salsa, mix all the ingredients together in a bowl, season well and set aside until ready to serve.
548	2	Step 2	Preheat the oven to 180°C. Line a baking tray and spread pancetta slices over, then cook in the oven for 8 minutes or until crisp. Keep warm.
548	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, cook the corn in a pan of boiling salted water for 2 minutes. When cool enough to handle, cut away kernels and combine them in a bowl with the buttermilk, flour, egg yolks, parmesan and spring onion. Season well.
548	4	Step 4	Beat the eggwhites in a clean bowl with electric beaters until stiff peaks form, then fold into the corn batter.
548	5	Step 5	Heat the oil in a large non-stick frypan over medium heat. Working in batches, place a heaped tablespoon of batter in the pan for each fritter, spaced apart. Cook the fritters for 2 minutes, then turn and cook for a further minute until golden. Remove and keep warm while you cook the remaining fritters (you should have about 10 fritters in total).
548	6	Step 6	Serve the fritters with the salsa, crisp pancetta and rocket.
549	1	Step 1	Sift flours into a bowl. Combine eggs and milk in a jug. Gradually whisk egg mixture into flour until a stiff batter forms. Add corn, cheese and chives. Stir to combine. Cover and set aside for 20 minutes.
549	2	Step 2	Melt one-third of the butter in a large, non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Using 2 tablespoons of batter for each fritter, cook 4 fritters for 3 minutes each side or until golden and cooked through. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel. Cover to keep warm. Repeat with remaining butter and batter to make 12 fritters.
549	3	Step 3	Divide fritters between plates. Top with salmon, sour cream and chives. Season with salt and pepper. Serve.
550	1	Step 1	Place milk, pouring cream and the corn kernels in a saucepan. Cover. Simmer for 10 minutes. Use a stick blender to coarsely blend. Add seeds and pod from 1 vanilla bean. Cover. Stand for 1 hour. Strain. Return pan to a simmer.
550	2	Step 2	Beat egg yolks and sugar in a bowl until pale and creamy. Slowly beat in the milk mixture. Return to pan. Cook, stirring, for 10 minutes or until mixture coats a spoon. Pour into a jug. Set aside to cool. Cover. Place in the fridge overnight.
550	3	Step 3	Churn in an ice-cream maker.
550	4	Step 4	Serve ice-cream in waffle cones, drizzled with caramel sauce and topped with caramel popcorn.
551	1	Step 1	Using a knife, cut kernels from cobs (see notes).
551	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add bacon. Cook for 3 minutes or until crisp. Add brown onion, capsicum and celery. Cook for 5 minutes or until softened.
551	3	Step 3	Add corn and 2 tablespoons of water to pan. Cook for 5 minutes or until corn is just tender. Stir in cream. Season with salt and pepper. Serve sprinkled with green onion.
552	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Grease two 12-hole, round-based patty pans. Using a 7cm-round cutter, cut 24 rounds from pastry. Press into prepared pans.
552	2	Step 2	Whisk eggs, cream, onion and corn in a jug. Pour mixture into pastry cases. Sprinkle with cheese. Bake for 13 to 15 minutes or until golden and set. Serve.
553	1	Step 1	Sift the flour into a medium bowl. Make a well in the centre. Whisk the buttermilk and egg in a large jug. Pour into the well. Whisk until well combined. Stir in the corn and chives, and season with salt and pepper. Transfer the batter to the jug. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside for 30 minutes to rest.
553	2	Step 2	Heat a large non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Brush lightly with one-third of the butter. Drop six 1-tablespoonful quantities of batter into the pan from the tip of the spoon, allowing room for spreading. Cook for 2-3 minutes or until bubbles appear on the surface and pancakes are golden underneath. Turn and cook for a further 1-2 minutes or until cooked through. Transfer to a plate. Repeat, in 2 more batches, with the remaining butter and batter, reheating the pan between batches. Set aside for 10 minutes to cool slightly.
553	3	Step 3	Top each pancake with 1 teaspoon of the guacamole. Arrange smoked salmon on half the pancakes. Top the remaining pancakes with the ham.
554	1	Step 1	Sift flour, cayenne and a pinch of salt into a bowl. Stir in parmesan. Make a well in the centre. Using a fork, whisk egg and buttermilk together. Add to flour mixture. Stir until just combined. Stir in corn.
554	2	Step 2	Heat a large non-stick frying pan over medium-low heat. Spray frying pan with oil. Drop heaped tablespoonfuls of mixture into pan, 4 at a time. Cook for 2 minutes each side, or until golden. Transfer to a plate. Keep warm.
554	3	Step 3	Make salsa: Combine all ingredients in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Serve pikelets topped with salsa.
555	1	Step 1	For the capsicum puree: Preheat the grill to high. Place capsicum on a baking tray lined with foil under the grill for 20 minutes or until skin is charred. Transfer to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, then set aside to cool completely.
555	2	Step 2	Once cooled, peel capsicums and place in a blender with garlic and Tabasco. Whiz until a smooth puree, loosening with a little stock or water if necessary. Season and set aside.
555	3	Step 3	To prepare the soup: Melt the butter in a large saucepan over low heat. Add onion, carrot, leek and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes or until softened.
555	4	Step 4	Add the stock, bring to a simmer, then cook, stirring occasionally, for 10-15 minutes until the carrot is tender.
555	5	Step 5	Add the corn and cook for a further 3 minutes, then remove from the heat. Using a slotted spoon, remove and set aside 1/3 cup kernels to use as a garnish.
555	6	Step 6	Using a hand blender, puree the soup until smooth. If desired, pass the soup through a sieve for a smoother texture.
555	7	Step 7	Return soup to the pan and place over low heat. Add cream and lemon juice and stir until warmed through. Ladle into bowls and drizzle with capsicum puree. Garnish with coriander and corn kernels.
556	1	Step 1	Blend chives with 1/3 cup (80ml) oil and 1 ice cube until smooth. Chill until needed.
556	2	Step 2	Cut kernels from cobs, reserve cobs.
556	3	Step 3	Heat the remaining oil in a large pan over medium heat. Cook onion, celery and garlic for 5 minutes or until soft. Add the kernels and potato, and cook for 1 minute. Add the stock, cobs and 1 litre water. Bring to the boil, then simmer over medium-low heat for 30 minutes or until potato is tender. Discard the cobs and blend soup until smooth. Strain through a fine sieve, season and serve topped with chive oil and extra celery.
557	1	Step 1	Remove the husk and silks from the corn, then cut the kernels from the cobs. Set kernels aside, then cut the corn cobs in half. Place cobs and 4L water in a large saucepan, bring to the boil over medium heat and boil rapidly for 1 hour. Drain the corn stock and discard cobs; you should have about 1.25-1.5L corn stock.
557	2	Step 2	Heat 100g butter in a large saucepan over low heat, add eschalots and cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes or until soft. Add corn kernels and cook, stirring frequently, for 15 minutes or until tender. Add corn stock, bring to the boil, then simmer for 15 minutes. Stir in cream, season, then puree using a stick blender, or in batches in a blender, until smooth.
557	3	Step 3	Heat remaining 40g butter in a large frypan over high heat, add mushrooms, garlic and chilli, and cook, tossing, for 5 minutes or until tender and browned.
557	4	Step 4	Spoon the mushrooms into the centre of wide, shallow bowls, then ladle the soup around. Scatter with the chives, drizzle with truffle oil, then serve.
558	1	Step 1	Heat 25g butter and 2 tsp olive oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add leek. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until softened.
558	2	Step 2	Add the kernels from the corn cobs and the potato. Add 1L chicken stock. Simmer, partially covered, for 25 minutes.
558	3	Step 3	Use a stick blender to blend until smooth. Add the thickened cream. Season with white pepper and reheat gently.
558	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, heat the other 25g butter and 2 tsp olive oil in a frying pan. Add day-old bread to the pan. Cook, stirring, until starting to turn golden.
558	5	Step 5	Add the chopped green prawns. Stir until prawn changes colour. Sprinkle bread mixture over soup with fresh coriander leaves and chilli flakes.
559	1	Step 1	Make Smoked paprika salt: Combine salt, paprika and smoked paprika in a small bowl.
559	2	Step 2	Make Maple chilli butter: Place butter, maple syrup and chilli flakes in a small bowl. Stir well to combine.
559	3	Step 3	Make Creamy pesto sauce Place basil and pine nuts in a small food processor. Process, scraping down sides occasionally, until almost smooth. With motor operating, add oil in a slow, steady stream. Process to combine. Transfer to a bowl. Add parmesan and sour cream. Season. Stir to combine.
559	4	Step 4	Bring a large saucepan of water to the boil over high heat. Add corn cobs. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until corn is tender. Drain well. Place corn on a platter. Serve with Smoked paprika salt, Maple chilli butter and Creamy pesto sauce.
560	1	Step 1	Cook the corn in a saucepan of boiling water for 8-10 minutes or until tender.
560	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, combine the butter, chilli, coriander and lime rind in a small bowl.
560	3	Step 3	Stir until the mixture is well combined.
560	4	Step 4	Place the corn in a serving dish. Top each corncob with a spoonful of the butter mixture. Season with salt and pepper.
561	1	Step 1	Place corn, avocado, capsicum, onion, olive oil and vinegar in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Toss gently to combine. Serve.
562	1	Step 1	Cook corn in a medium saucepan of boiling water for 2 minutes or until tender. Refresh under cold running water. Drain well.
562	2	Step 2	Heat a frying pan over high heat. Add bacon and capsicum and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from heat.
562	3	Step 3	Combine the egg and flour in a bowl. Gradually stir in the milk. Add corn, bacon and capsicum, and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
562	4	Step 4	Heat half the oil in a large non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Spoon four 80ml (1/3-cup) portions of corn mixture evenly around the edge of the pan. Cook for 2-3 minutes each side or until golden brown and cooked through. Transfer to a plate and cover to keep warm. Repeat with remaining oil and corn mixture, reheating pan between batches.
562	5	Step 5	To make the salsa, combine the avocado, tomato, coriander and lime juice in a bowl. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
562	6	Step 6	Place fritters on serving plates. Top with salsa and serve with mixed salad leaves, if desired.
563	1	Step 1	Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallot and bacon and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until shallot is golden. Add the zucchini and cook for 1 minute.
563	2	Step 2	Stir in the corn kernels, creamed corn and stock. Cover and bring to the boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer, partially covered, for 10 minutes or until the zucchini is soft.
563	3	Step 3	Ladle soup among serving bowls. Serve with crusty bread.
564	1	Step 1	Use a small, sharp knife to cut down the length of each corn cob, close to the core, to remove the kernels.
564	2	Step 2	Cook corn kernels in a medium saucepan of salted boiling water for 3-4 minutes. Refresh under cold water. Drain.
564	3	Step 3	Combine the corn, beans, onion, jalapeno chillies, coriander, oil and jalapeno brine in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper.
564	4	Step 4	Serve salsa with corn chips and sour cream.
565	1	Step 1	Heat a barbecue grill or chargrill on medium-high. Brush corn cobs with a little oil. Cook on preheated grill, turning often, for 10 minutes or until lightly charred and tender. Set aside for 10 minutes to cool slightly.
565	2	Step 2	Use a sharp knife to cut down length of each corn cob close to core to remove kernels. Place the kernels in a medium bowl.
565	3	Step 3	Add the capsicums, cucumber, avocado, green shallots, coriander and mint to the corn.
565	4	Step 4	Combine lemon juice, extra virgin olive oil, chilli and pepper in a small jug and mix well. Pour over the corn mixture and toss gently to combine. Serve immediately with lemon wedges.
566	1	Step 1	Preheat oven and a baking tray to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Grease a 3cm-deep, 22cm (base) round fluted loose-based flan tin. Line base and side with pastry. Trim excess. Freeze for 10 minutes or until pastry is firm.
566	2	Step 2	Place tin on heated baking tray. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until pastry is light golden. Remove from oven. Reduce oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced.
566	3	Step 3	Combine corn, tasty cheese, capsicum and chives in a bowl. Arrange over base of pastry. Place eggs and cream in a jug. Season with salt and pepper. Beat to combine. Pour over corn mixture. Top with mozzarella. Bake for 25 minutes or until set. Serve.
567	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Spray four 3/4 -cup capacity Texas muffin holes with oil. Heat oil in a small frying pan over medium heat. Add green onions and bacon. Cook, stirring often, for 5 minutes or until bacon is light golden. Remove from heat. Stir in corn. Season with salt and pepper.
567	2	Step 2	Place 1 pastry sheet on workbench. Spray with oil. Fold in half crossways. Spray top with oil and cut in half crossways. Use pastry squares to line base and sides of 1 muffin hole, allowing a 2cm overhang. Repeat with remaining pastry and oil.
567	3	Step 3	Divide corn mixture between tart cases. Break 1 egg into each tart case (keep yolk intact). Bake for 20 minutes or until egg is just set. Season with pepper. Serve with salad leaves.
568	1	Step 1	Place noodles in a heatproof bowl. Cover with boiling water. Stand for 4 to 5 minutes or until tender. Using a fork, separate noodles. Drain. Return to bowl.
568	2	Step 2	Add corn, ham and zucchini to noodles. Place eggs and 1 tablespoon cold water in a jug. Whisk to combine.
568	3	Step 3	Preheat grill to medium-high. Heat 1 teaspoon oil in a small, ovenproof frying pan over medium-high heat. Add half the noodle mixture. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes or until heated through.
568	4	Step 4	Pour half the egg mixture over noodle mixture. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until egg mixture is almost set. Place under grill. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes or until golden and egg mixture has set. Transfer omelette to plate. Repeat with remaining noodles and egg mixture. Cut into wedges. Serve.
569	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan-forced. Cook pasta in a large saucepan of boiling, salted water, following packet directions, until tender. Add pea and corn mixture to pan for the last 2 minutes of cooking. Drain.
569	2	Step 2	Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add flour. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until bubbling. Gradually stir in milk. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until mixture thickens. Remove pan from heat. Stir in 1/2 cup cheddar and half the chives. Season with salt and pepper.
569	3	Step 3	Add pasta and vegetables to sauce. Stir to coat. Spoon mixture into a 4-cup capacity baking dish. Sprinkle with remaining cheddar and chives. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden. Stand for 5 minutes. Serve.
570	1	Step 1	Place peas and corn in a heatproof microwave-safe dish. Add 1/4 cup cold water. Cover. Microwave on HIGH (100%) for 3 minutes or until heated through. Drain.
570	2	Step 2	Place 1 cup pea mixture, ham, coriander, eggs and flour in a processor. Season with salt and pepper. Pulse mixture until just combined. Transfer to a bowl. Add remaining pea mixture. Stir to combine (mixture will be sticky).
570	3	Step 3	Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large frying pan over medium-low heat. Spoon 1/4 cup mixture into pan. Spread to form a 10cm patty. Cook 4 patties at a time for 2 to 3 minutes each side or until golden. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel. Cover to keep warm. Repeat with remaining mixture and oil to make 12 patties. Serve with cucumber and salad leaves.
571	1	Step 1	Use a sharp knife to cut down the length of each corn cob, close to the core, to remove the kernels.
571	2	Step 2	Cook corn in a saucepan of salted boiling water for 5 minutes or until tender (see microwave tip 1). Drain well.
571	3	Step 3	Combine the ricotta and egg in a large bowl and whisk until smooth. Add the flour and stir until combined. Add the pumpkin and corn. Season with salt and pepper and stir to combine.
571	4	Step 4	Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large, heavy-based frying pan over medium heat. Spoon 1/3 cup (80ml) of pumpkin mixture into the pan and flatten slightly. Repeat to make 3 more hash browns. Cook for 3-4 minutes each side or until brown and cooked through. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel and cover loosely with foil to keep warm. Repeat in 1 more batch.
571	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, preheat grill to medium. Line a baking tray with foil. Place prosciutto on tray and grill for 2-3 minutes or until crisp (see microwave tip 2).
571	6	Step 6	Serve hash browns with prosciutto and rocket leaves.
572	1	Step 1	Cook rice in a saucepan of boiling water following packet directions until tender. Drain. Place on a tray. Cool.
572	2	Step 2	Make Basic lemon dressing: Place oil and lemon juice in a screwtop jar. Season with salt and pepper. Secure lid. Shake to combine.
572	3	Step 3	Remove outer leaves and core from lettuce. Separate leaves. Wash and pat dry with a tea towel. Roughly chop. Place lettuce, corn, capsicum, snow peas, rice and chives in a bowl. Add dressing. Toss to combine. Serve.
573	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200C. Line 12 x 1/3-cup (80ml capacity) muffin pans with paper cases.
573	2	Step 2	Place the combined flour, cornmeal, corn, spinach and feta in a large bowl and combine.
573	3	Step 3	Whisk the milk, butter and egg together in a jug. Pour into the flour mixture and gently stir until just combined (don’t over-mix). Spoon evenly among the prepared pans. Sprinkle with extra cornmeal.
573	4	Step 4	Bake for 20 mins or until a skewer inserted in the centres comes out clean. Turn onto a wire rack to cool.
574	1	Step 1	Kids' task: Combine the stock and creamed corn in a medium saucepan and bring to the boil over high heat. Add the vermicelli noodles and half the green shallots. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 4-5 minutes or until noodles soften.
574	2	Step 2	Gradually pour in the egg, whisking constantly with a fork. Ladle soup among serving bowls and sprinkle with the remaining shallot. Serve immediately.
575	1	Step 1	Process chickpeas until roughly chopped.
575	2	Step 2	Whisk milk and eggs in a jug. Place flour in a bowl. Gradually add milk mixture to flour, whisking until smooth. Stir in chickpeas, zucchini, corn, mint and onion.
575	3	Step 3	Spray a large frying pan with oil. Heat over medium-high heat. Add 1/4 cup mixture to pan. Spread slightly with a spatula. Repeat to make 3 more fritters. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes each side or until golden and cooked through. Transfer to a plate. Cover to keep warm. Repeat with remaining mixture to make 12 fritters, spraying pan with oil between batches, if necessary. Serve with salad and chutney.
576	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Season chicken. Heat oil in ovenproof frypan over medium heat. Cook chicken skin-side down for 2-3 minutes until golden. Cook for 1 minute on other side. Place pan in oven for 8 minutes. Sprinkle chicken with sugar and add peaches, wine, stock and vanilla pods and seeds to pan. Return pan to oven for 8 minutes or until chicken is cooked through, basting twice with pan juices. Remove chicken and peaches from pan and keep warm. Return pan to stove and simmer cooking juices over medium heat for 2-3 minutes to reduce. Serve chicken with peaches and vanilla sauce. Garnish with watercress.
577	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Grease and line base of a 25 x 11cm loaf pan.
577	2	Step 2	Place polenta, flour, sugar, baking powder, bicarbonate of soda, cheese, chilli and 1 teaspoon of salt in a bowl, and stir to combine.
577	3	Step 3	In a separate bowl combine buttermilk, egg and butter, then add to dry ingredients. Mix together, then pour into pan, sprinkle some extra polenta on top and bake for 30 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean.
577	4	Step 4	Serve warm, sliced, with the bean chilli (see related recipe).
578	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 180°C. Grease a 7cm-deep, 9cm x 20cm loaf pan.
578	2	Step 2	In a large bowl, stir together the flour and soda with the polenta, sugar, seeds, cheese, chilli and 1 teaspoon salt.
578	3	Step 3	Lightly beat buttermilk and egg, then stir into flour mixture using a fork. Pour into the loaf pan and sprinkle with extra poppyseeds. Bake for 25-30 minutes until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Cool in pan for 5 minutes, then turn out onto a rack to cool completely. Serve with chilli and herbed rice.
579	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220C or 200C fan-forced. Brush an 11 x 22cm (base measurement) (1.25L/5-cup) loaf pan with the olive oil to lightly grease. Lightly dust with flour and shake out the excess.
579	2	Step 2	Sift flour, baking powder and salt into a bowl. Add cornmeal, sugar, milk, oil and egg, and use a wooden spoon to stir until well combined.
579	3	Step 3	Pour the mixture into the prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 25-30 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Set aside for 5 minutes before turning onto a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature drizzled with the honey.
580	1	Step 1	Arrange the rack in the centre of the oven and preheat the oven to 180°C (160°C fan). Butter a 33x22x5cm baking dish. Place the crumbled cornbread in a very large bowl.
580	2	Step 2	In a large heavy deep frying pan, cook the bacon over medium-high heat for about 12 minutes, or until it is brown and crisp. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to the bowl with the cornbread.
580	3	Step 3	Add 125g of the butter to the bacon drippings in the same frying pan and stir until melted. Add the onion and celery and cook, stirring often, for about 10 minutes, or until the vegetables soften slightly. Working in batches, stir in the kale, letting each batch wilt before adding more. Stir in 1 cup of stock. Cover and braise the kale, stirring occasionally and adding an additional 1 cup of stock after the first 20 minutes, for about 40 minutes, or until the kale is tender. Stir in the parsley, sage, thyme, and rosemary. Gently fold the kale mixture and pecans into the cornbread in the bowl.
580	4	Step 4	In a small bowl, whisk together the eggs, salt, pepper, and 2 cups of the remaining stock to blend. Gently fold the egg-broth mixture into the cornbread mixture, taking care not to mash the cornbread. Set aside for about 15 minutes, tossing occasionally, to allow the cornbread mixture to absorb most of the liquid. Gently fold in the remaining 1 1/2 cups of the stock. The mixture will be wet.
580	5	Step 5	Transfer the mixture to the prepared dish, cover with foil, and bake for about 40 minutes, or until bubbly around the edges. Uncover the dish, increase the oven temperature to 190°C, and continue to bake for about 25 minutes, or until it is set and the top is brown and crisp.
581	1	Step 1	Place silverside into a large saucepan. Cover with cold water. Press cloves into onion. Add to saucepan.
581	2	Step 2	Place saucepan over low heat. Bring to the boil, uncovered. Use a spoon to skim fat from surface and discard. Partially cover saucepan. Cook a further 30 minutes.
581	3	Step 3	Add syrup, onions and carrots to saucepan. Partially cover. Cook a further hour. Add cabbage. Cover and cook a further 10 minutes or until cabbage is tender.
581	4	Step 4	Remove cabbage, onions and carrots. Keep warm. Remove corned beef. Cover and stand for 15 minutes before thinly slicing. Serve with vegetables or on a sandwich.
582	1	Step 1	Place meat in a large saucepan, add enough water to cover and bring to the boil. Drain. Wipe pan clean and return meat with studded onion, celery, carrot, garlic, bay leaves, peppercorns and enough water to cover by 5cm. Simmer, partially covered, over medium heat for 2 hours or until meat is tender. Set aside.
582	2	Step 2	Strain a third of the cooking liquid into a clean saucepan and bring to the boil over medium heat. Add potatoes and cook for 5 minutes, then add carrots and turnips and cook for 3 minutes. Add green beans and cook for 3 minutes, then drain. Return vegetables to pan. Add half the butter and season to taste.
582	3	Step 3	Heat remaining butter in a pan over low-medium heat. Stir in flour. Remove from heat. Gradually stir in 2 cups strained cooking liquid. Return to heat and stir until mixture boils and thickens. Add cream and bring to the boil. Add parsley and mustard. Remove meat from cooking liquid and slice. Serve with vegetables and sauce.
583	1	Step 1	Preheat a sandwich press. Spray oil over 1 side of 4 slices of bread. Place onto a flat surface, oil-side down. Spread half the mustard over bread slices.
583	2	Step 2	Top with corned beef and gherkins. Spread remaining mustard over remaining bread slices. Sandwich together. Spray with oil.
583	3	Step 3	Place sandwiches, 2 at a time, into sandwich press. Cook for 6 to 8 minutes or until golden and crisp. Serve.
584	1	Step 1	Place beef in a large heavy-based saucepan. Add peppercorns, onion, parsley, carrot, bay leaves and cloves. Cover with water. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Cover and cook for 2 hours or until beef is cooked through. Set aside in the cooking liquid to cool. Transfer to a plate. Cut into 1cm-thick slices.
584	2	Step 2	Combine mayonnaise and horseradish cream in a bowl.
584	3	Step 3	Place lettuce on bun bases. Top with capsicum, silverside and horseradish mayonnaise. Serve with green salad.
585	1	Step 1	Sift flour into a bowl and make a well in the centre. Add egg and milk. Whisk until smooth. Stir in cheese and beef. Season with salt and pepper.
585	2	Step 2	Add enough oil to cover the base of a large frypan. Heat over medium heat. Drop a rounded tablespoon of mixture into the pan. Repeat to make 6 small fritters, allowing for them to spread. Cook for 2 minutes or until golden underneath and bubbles appear on the surface. Turn over and cook for 1 minute or until cooked through. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with remaining mixture, adding more oil if required and heating between additions.
586	1	Step 1	Line a baking tray with baking paper. Place potatoes into a large saucepan. Cover with cold water. Bring to the boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium. Cook, uncovered, for 25 to 30 minutes or until tender. Drain. Allow to cool for 10 minutes.
586	2	Step 2	Roughly mash potatoes (so that they are still chunky). Set aside for 30 minutes to cool completely.
586	3	Step 3	Add beef, mustard, chives, eggs, and salt and pepper to potato. Stir until combined. Place flour into a separate bowl. Using 1/4 cupful of mixture at a time, shape potato mixture into 8cm (diameter) patties. Place onto prepared tray. Refrigerate for 2 hours or until firm. Lightly coat patties in flour.
586	4	Step 4	Preheat a barbecue plate over medium heat. Combine oil and butter. Brush over barbecue plate. When sizzling, add patties. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes each side or until golden. Serve with chutney.
587	1	Step 1	Combine beef, mashed potato, carrot, spring onion, flour and mustard in a bowl. Season. Shape into 12 even-sized patties. Place on a plate in the fridge for 10 mins to chill.
587	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Cook patties, in batches, for 3 mins each side or until golden and heated through.
587	3	Step 3	Combine finishing sauce and parsley in a bowl. Serve patties with parsley sauce, salad and lemon wedges.
588	1	Step 1	Place beef in a large saucepan. Cover with cold water. Add sugar, vinegar, onion, bay leaves and cloves. Cover. Bring to the boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to low. Simmer gently for 1 hour 30 minutes or until beef is tender. Remove from heat.
588	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, make coleslaw: Combine yoghurt, mustard and 1/3 cup cold water in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Place cabbage, apple and red onion in a large bowl. Add yoghurt mixture. Toss to coat. Sprinkle with walnuts.
588	3	Step 3	Remove beef from pan. Discard cooking liquid, onion, bay leaves and cloves. Slice half the corned beef. Reserve 2 cups coleslaw for leftovers. Serve corned beef with remaining coleslaw. Cover and refrigerate remaining corned beef and reserved coleslaw.
589	1	Step 1	Place beef in a large saucepan with herbs, spices and vegetables. Cover with cold water, add vinegar and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low, then cover and simmer for 3 hours, skimming surface occasionally, until meat is very tender.
589	2	Step 2	About 30 minutes before beef is done, make the bearnaise. Place vinegar, wine and eschalot in a pan over medium heat. Cook for 2-3 minutes or until reduced to 1 tablespoon. Strain into a heatproof bowl, then cool slightly. Add egg yolks, then set bowl over a pan of simmering water (don't let bowl touch water). Whisk until pale, then slowly whisk in butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, until mixture thickens. Remove bowl from heat, then stir in horseradish and tarragon. Season, then keep in a warm place until ready to serve.
589	3	Step 3	Drain beef, discarding liquid and vegetables. Thinly slice meat, then serve with baby vegetables (see related recipe) and sauce, scattered with mustard fruits and parsley.
590	1	Step 1	Place beef in a large saucepan. Cover with cold water. Add vinegar, sugar, onion, cloves, peppercorns and bay leaves. Cover. Bring to the boil over medium-high heat.
590	2	Step 2	Reduce heat to low. Simmer, partially covered, for 1 hour 30 minutes. Add potato. Simmer, partially covered, for 30 minutes or until potato is tender, adding carrots in the last 5 minutes. Remove from heat.
590	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, make mustard parsley sauce: Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add flour. Cook, stirring for 1 minute or until bubbling. Remove from heat. Gradually stir in milk until combined. Return to heat. Cook, stirring for 3 to 4 minutes or until mixture boils and thickens. Remove from heat. Stir in mustard and parsley.
590	4	Step 4	Remove beef from pan. Slice. Serve with sauce, potato, carrots, and beans.
591	1	Step 1	Place beef in a large saucepan. Cover with cold water. Add onion, celery, carrot, bay leaves and peppercorns. Cover. Bring to the boil over medium-high heat.
591	2	Step 2	Reduce heat to low. Simmer, partially covered, for 2 hours or until beef is tender. Remove from heat.
591	3	Step 3	Make sauce: Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add flour and mustard powder. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until bubbling. Remove from heat. Gradually stir in milk. Return to heat. Cook, stirring, for 3 to 4 minutes or until mixture boils and thickens. Remove from heat. Stir in parsley.
591	4	Step 4	Remove beef from pot. Discard liquid, onion, celery, carrot, bay leaves and peppercorns. Slice beef. Serve with parsley sauce, steamed vegetables and mustard.
592	1	Step 1	Place corned beef in a large saucepan. Cover with cold water. Add vinegar. Season well with pepper. Cover. Bring to the boil over medium-high heat.
592	2	Step 2	Reduce heat to low. Simmer, partially covered, for 1 hour 30 minutes or until corned beef is tender. Remove pan from heat. Stand beef in pan for 15 minutes.
592	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add fl our. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until bubbling. Remove from heat. Gradually stir in milk until smooth and combined. Return to heat. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until mixture thickens. Remove from heat. Stir in parsley. Season with salt and pepper.
592	4	Step 4	Remove corned beef from pan. Discard liquid. Slice beef. Serve with parsley sauce and steamed vegetables.
593	1	Step 1	Place beef in a large saucepan of cold water. Bring to boil. Simmer for 5 minutes. Drain into a colander.
593	2	Step 2	Refill saucepan with cold water. Add beef, vinegar, onion, peppercorns, cloves, bay leaf and lemon rind. Bring to boil. Reduce to a simmer. Cook for 1 1/2 hours or until tender. Remove beef from saucepan. Set aside, covered with foil, for 10 minutes to rest before slicing.
593	3	Step 3	To make sauce, melt butter in a small saucepan over a medium heat. Add flour and peppercorns. Cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly.
593	4	Step 4	Gradually add milk, stirring until well combined. Cook for about 5 minutes, stirring often until sauce boils and thickens. Remove from heat. Serve sauce over the sliced beef with the steamed vegetables.
594	1	Step 1	Preheat slow cooker on high. Add onion and carrot. Top with beef. Arrange potato around beef. Top with bay leaves, peppercorns, cloves, sugar and vinegar. Add 1.5 litres warm water (see note). Reduce heat to low. Cover. Cook for 8 hours or until beef is tender.
594	2	Step 2	Make sauce Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Stir in flour. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until bubbling. Remove from heat. Stir in milk until combined. Return to heat. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until thickened. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in mustard.
594	3	Step 3	Remove beef and vegetables from cooker. Discard bay leaves, cloves and peppercorns. Slice beef. Serve with mustard sauce, vegetables and parsley.
595	1	Step 1	Spread 1 side of each slice of bread with butter. Divide half the cheese between half the bread slices. Top with beef, watercress and remaining cheese.
595	2	Step 2	Spread remaining bread slices with pickles. Place, pickle-side down, on cheese.
595	3	Step 3	Trim crusts. Cut each sandwich into 4 triangles. Serve.
596	1	Step 1	Place some plain flour in a large oven bag and shake to coat the inside, tipping out any excess. Rinse the silverside under cold running water. Place in the floured bag and then in a deep, 3-litre (12-cup) capacity microwave-safe dish.
596	2	Step 2	Combine the water, vinegar and sugar in a jug. Pour the vinegar mixture into the bag. Add the peppercorns, cloves, parsley and bay leaves.
596	3	Step 3	Secure the bag with unwaxed white kitchen string and lay the silverside flat in the dish (the silverside should be completely covered with liquid). Use a skewer to carefully pierce 3 small holes in the top of the bag. Place in the microwave and cook on Medium/ 500watts/50% for 51 minutes.
596	4	Step 4	Remove from the microwave and set aside in the hot liquid for 1 hour to complete the cooking process and make the silverside easier to slice. Drain the liquid. Slice and serve warm or cold.
597	1	Step 1	Place silverside into the bowl of a 5 litre slow-cooker. Add herbs, garlic, onion, celery, pumpkin, potatoes, carrot, vinegar, water and peppercorns.
597	2	Step 2	Cover with lid. Turn slow-cooker on low. Cook for 8 hours or until silverside is tender.
597	3	Step 3	Remove silverside from cooking liquid and transfer to chopping board. Cover with foil. Stand 10 minutes before slicing thinly. Serve with steamed beans and mustard sauce.
597	4	Step 4	To make mustard sauce, heat medium frying pan over medium-high heat. Add butter, then cooking liquid, thyme and mustard. Add cream. Bring to the boil and simmer for 5 minutes or until sauce thickens slightly.
598	1	Step 1	Place the silverside in a large saucepan. Add the carrot, celery, onion, peppercorns and cloves. Cover with plenty of cold water and bring to the boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium and simmer, uncovered, skimming the surface occasionally, for 2 hours or until silverside is tender. Remove from heat. Drain and discard the vegetables and spices.
598	2	Step 2	To make the cameline sauce, combine the water, vinegar, sugar, cinnamon, ginger, cloves and mace in a medium bowl. Add the breadcrumbs and stir until well combined. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
598	3	Step 3	Cut the corned silverside across the grain into thin slices. Serve with the cameline sauce.
599	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Line 2 large baking trays with baking paper.
599	2	Step 2	Combine butter and honey in a small saucepan over low heat. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until melted.
599	3	Step 3	Combine flour and cornflakes in a bowl. Add butter mixture. Stir to combine. Roll level tablespoons of mixture into balls. Place balls, 4cm apart, on prepared trays. Flatten slightly. Bake for 10 minutes, swapping trays halfway through cooking, or until golden. Cool on trays for 5 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. Store between layers of baking paper in an airtight container.
600	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 180C/160C fan forced. Line 2 baking trays with baking paper.
600	2	Step 2	Use electric beaters to beat the butter and sugar in a bowl until pale and creamy. Beat in the egg. Fold in the flour, currants and salt and mix until well combined.
600	3	Step 3	Place the cornflakes in a bowl. Spoon slightly heaped tablespoonfuls of the butter mixture into the cornflakes. Toss the mixture gently in the cornflakes to coat and form balls.
600	4	Step 4	Place the balls, 8cm apart to allow room for spreading, on the prepared tray. Bake for 15-18 minutes or until golden. Cool the biscuits for 10 minutes on the trays before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely.
601	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a large saucepan or stockpot over medium-high heat. Add the chicken and cook, turning occasionally, for 8-10 minutes or until the chicken is light golden. Transfer to a large plate.
601	2	Step 2	Reduce heat to medium-low. Add the onion and salt to the pan. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 15-20 minutes or until onion is very soft and light golden. Add mustard seeds, curry leaves, cinnamon stick, ground coriander, cumin and turmeric. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes.
601	3	Step 3	Return the chicken to the pan. Add the chilli and stock. Increase heat to medium. Cover and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook, covered, for 35-40 minutes or until the chicken is very tender. (To freeze see tips)
601	4	Step 4	Transfer the chicken to a large serving dish. Increase heat to medium-high and simmer the sauce for 10 minutes or until sauce thickens. Pour over the chicken.
601	5	Step 5	Divide the chicken mixture among serving bowls. Top with fresh coriander. Serve with rice, beans and yoghurt.
602	1	Step 1	Heat a large, non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Add cashews. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until golden. Add garam masala, cumin and ground coriander. Cook for 1 minute or until fragrant.
602	2	Step 2	Process cashew mixture, chilli, garlic and yoghurt together until almost smooth. Transfer to a bowl. Add chicken. Toss to coat. Refrigerate for 1 hour.
602	3	Step 3	Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook onion, stirring, for 3 to 4 minutes or until softened. Add chicken mixture. Cook, stirring, for 3 to 5 minutes or until chicken starts to brown.
602	4	Step 4	Add tomato and 1/2 cup cold water. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 25 minutes. Add cream. Simmer for 10 minutes or until sauce has thickened and chicken is cooked through. Serve with rice and coriander.
603	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a medium frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook onion, stirring, for 5 minutes or until golden. Stir in curry paste. Cook for 1 minute or until fragrant. Add tomato, chickpeas, sugar and 1/4 cup cold water. Bring to the boil.
603	2	Step 2	Add chicken. Stir to combine. Reduce heat to medium. Cook for 7 minutes or until chicken is cooked through. Add half the spinach. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes or until just wilted. Add remaining spinach. Cook for 1 minute or until just wilted. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with naan bread and yoghurt.
604	1	Step 1	Remove skin and meat from chicken. Discard skin and bones. Chop chicken.
604	2	Step 2	Preheat a sandwich press. Combine yoghurt and curry paste in a small bowl. Cut each naan bread in half. Spray oil over 1 side of 4 pieces of naan. Place onto a flat surface, oil-side down.
604	3	Step 3	Spread mango chutney over naan slices. Top with chicken, yoghurt mixture and mint leaves. Place remaining naan slices over filling. Spray with oil.
604	4	Step 4	Place sandwiches, 2 at a time, into sandwich press. Cook for 6 minutes or until crisp and golden. Serve.
605	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Spray a baking tray with olive oil spray to lightly grease. Combine the yoghurt and 2 tablespoons of curry paste in a bowl. Add the chicken and turn to coat.
605	2	Step 2	Transfer the chicken to the prepared tray. Bake in oven for 25 minutes or until cooked through.
605	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, heat the oil in a saucepan over low heat. Add the remaining curry paste and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Stir in the rice. Increase heat to medium. Add the stock and bring to the boil. Cover with a tight-fitting lid. Reduce heat to low. Cook for 18 minutes or until the water is absorbed. Set aside, covered, for 6 minutes to stand. Use a fork to separate the grains.
605	4	Step 4	Stir in the currants, almonds and half the coriander. Combine the cucumber and remaining coriander in a bowl.
605	5	Step 5	Divide pilaf and chicken among serving plates. Top with cucumber salad to serve.
606	1	Step 1	Combine the yoghurt, curry paste and 2 tablespoons of lime juice in a shallow glass or ceramic dish. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover and place in the fridge for 30 minutes to marinate.
606	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, to make the raita, combine the yoghurt, cucumber and garlic in a medium bowl.
606	3	Step 3	Preheat a barbecue grill or chargrill over high heat. Spray chicken with olive oil spray. Cook for 2-3 minutes each side or until golden.
606	4	Step 4	Combine rocket, onion and remaining lime juice in a bowl. Season with pepper. Divide chicken and salad among serving plates. Top with the raita and serve
607	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a medium frying pan over medium heat. Cook the cumin seeds for 1 min or until fragrant. Cool.
607	2	Step 2	Place onion, cucumber, radish, chickpeas, lentils, chopped coriander and lime juice in a bowl. Drizzle with cumin mixture. Season. Toss to combine. Top with coriander leaves.
608	1	Step 1	Combine yoghurt and 1/2 the curry paste in a glass or ceramic bowl. Add chicken. Stir to coat. Cover. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
608	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a large heavy-based saucepan over medium-high heat. Add 1/2 the chicken. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until just browned. Transfer to a bowl. Cover to keep warm. Repeat with remaining chicken.
608	3	Step 3	Add onion to pan. Cook for 5 minutes or until lightly browned. Add garlic, ￼￼ginger and remaining curry paste. Cook for 1 minute or until fragrant. Add rice, cardamom and cinnamon. Stir to coat. Add stock. Bring to the boil.
608	4	Step 4	Return chicken to pan, stirring to combine. Cover. Reduce heat to low. Simmer, covered, for 18 to 20 minutes or until rice is tender and stock has been absorbed. Remove from heat. Add peas. Stand, covered, for 5 minutes or until peas are bright green and tender. Spoon into bowls. Sprinkle with coriander and almonds. Serve dolloped with yoghurt.
609	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220°C/200°C fan-forced. Place chicken and curry paste in a large glass or ceramic bowl. Stir to coat chicken.
609	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook chicken, in batches, turning, for 4 minutes or until golden. Transfer to a plate.
609	3	Step 3	Add onion to pan. Cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes or until softened. Add rice. Stir for 1 to 2 minutes or until rice is coated. Stir in sultanas, apple and tomato. Transfer mixture to a 10 cupcapacity, 25cm (base) round ovenproof dish. Arrange chicken over rice, pressing down gently. Pour over stock. Cover tightly with foil. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes or until rice is tender and chicken cooked through.
609	4	Step 4	Top with coriander. Serve with yoghurt.
610	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook brown onion, stirring, for 5 mins or until onion softens. Add the ginger and curry paste. Cook, stirring, for 1 min or until fragrant.
610	2	Step 2	Add pumpkin, carrot, apple, lentils and stock. Increase heat to high. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium. Simmer, stirring occasionally, for 25-30 mins or until the vegetables are tender.
610	3	Step 3	Carefully use a stick blender to blend until smooth. Divide among serving bowls. Top with yoghurt, cucumber, tomato, red onion, cumin seeds and coriander. Serve with mini pappadams.
611	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Add onion and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until soft. Add garlic and curry paste. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic.
611	2	Step 2	Add potato, eggplant, tomatoes and 2 tablespoons water. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer for 15 to 18 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Stir in coriander.
611	3	Step 3	Serve curry with rice.
612	1	Step 1	Cook rice following packet directions.
612	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat the oil in large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook for 1-2 mins or until soft. Add fish, simmer sauce and water. Cook for 5 mins or until fish is opaque. Add tomatoes and peas. Cook for 2 mins or until soft.
612	3	Step 3	Top curry with almonds and coriander and serve with rice and naan bread.
613	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan forced. For the cauliflower topping, place the cauliflower and coconut milk in a saucepan over low heat. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally and breaking up florets, for 35 minutes or until very tender. Season well and add 1 tsp ghee. Use a stick blender to process until very smooth. Set aside.
613	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, reserve 2 tbs onion. Heat the ghee in a large ovenproof frying pan or shallow casserole dish over medium-low heat. Add the cumin, fennel, cinnamon and 3 ⁄4 tsp mustard seeds. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add half the curry leaves. Cook, covered, for 30 seconds or until aromatic. Add onion. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until soft.
613	3	Step 3	Add the garlic, ginger, chilli and coriander root and stem. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Stir in turmeric and garam masala for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add tamarind and 300ml of the coconut milk. Bring to the boil. Combine remaining coconut milk and cornflour in a bowl. Stir into spice mixture. Reduce heat to low. Simmer, covered, for 5 minutes or until thickened. Season well. Remove from heat. Cool.
613	4	Step 4	Stir in the lemon juice, fish, peas and coriander. Spread cauliflower puree over the fish mixture. Use a fork to rake the surface. Drizzle with 1 tsp ghee. Bake for 25-30 minutes or until fish is cooked through.
613	5	Step 5	Heat remaining ghee in a non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Add reserved onion. Season with salt. Cook, stirring, for 3-4 minutes or until golden. Stir in remaining mustard seeds for 1 minute or until aromatic. Stir in remaining curry leaves for 30 seconds until aromatic. Spoon over the top of fish pie.
614	1	Step 1	Place the fish and curry paste in a bowl. Turn to coat. Thread onto 8 bamboo or metal skewers.
614	2	Step 2	Heat 2 teaspoons of the oil in a large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook skewers for 3-4 mins each side or until cooked through.
614	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, place the tomato, mint, onion, lemon juice and remaining oil in a medium bowl. Stir to combine.
614	4	Step 4	Serve the skewers with the tomato & mint salad, rocket, naan and lemon halves.
615	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Line a large baking tray with baking paper.
615	2	Step 2	Combine mince, ginger, garlic, onion, tandoori, chutney, and salt and pepper in a large bowl. Mix with clean hands until well combined. Roll tablespoonfuls of mixture into balls. Place onto baking tray. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until cooked.
615	3	Step 3	To make yoghurt sauce: Place 1/2 cup yoghurt and mint leaves into the bowl of a food processor. Process until mint is finely chopped and sauce is green. Transfer to a bowl. Add remaining yoghurt, chutney and salt. Stir to combine.
615	4	Step 4	Serve kofta with basmati rice, pappadams and yoghurt sauce. Garnish with mint leaves.
616	1	Step 1	Heat half the oil in a large stock pot over medium-high heat. Add half of the lamb shanks and cook, turning occasionally, for 5 minutes or until brown. Transfer to a heatproof bowl. Repeat with remaining lamb.
616	2	Step 2	Heat the remaining oil in the pan. Add the onion and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until soft. Add the curry paste and ginger and cook, stirring for a minute or until aromatic.
616	3	Step 3	Add the stock and tomatoes, and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Return lamb shanks to the pan and cook, covered, for 2 hours or until lamb is tender and falls off the bone. Transfer lamb shanks to a heatproof bowl. Cover with foil to keep warm.
616	4	Step 4	Increase heat to high and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes or until the sauce thickens. Stir in the peas and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until heated through, then stir in the mint.
616	5	Step 5	Divide the rice among serving plates. Top with the lamb and drizzle with the sauce. Serve with raita or tzatziki dip.
617	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Heat oil in a large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Add lamb. Cook for 2 minutes each side or until browned. Remove from heat.
617	2	Step 2	Grease a large roasting pan. Add rogan josh sauce and frozen vegetables. Toss to combine. Add lamb. Turn to coat in sauce. Spray with oil. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until lamb is cooked and vegetables are tender.
617	3	Step 3	Sprinkle naan bread with 1 teaspoon cold water. Wrap in foil. Bake in oven for 6 to 8 minutes until hot (see note).
617	4	Step 4	Sprinkle lamb with coriander leaves. Serve with warm naan bread, yoghurt and mango chutney.
618	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large saucepan. Add onions and salt. Cook over a low heat, stirring often, for 20-25 minutes or until golden brown. Stir in spices. Cook, stirring for 1 minute.
618	2	Step 2	Add lamb and cook, tossing, for 3 minutes or until sealed. Add tomatoes and stock. Simmer partially covered for 20 minutes. Add sweet potato.
618	3	Step 3	Cook for 30-40 minutes until lamb is tender. Add beans. Cook for 6 minutes. Sprinkle with coriander. Serve with rice.
619	1	Step 1	Heat half the oil in a large, heavy-based saucepan over high heat. Cook lamb for 1 to 2 minutes each side or until browned. Transfer to a plate.
619	2	Step 2	Heat remaining oil in pan over medium heat. Add onion. Cook, stirring, for 4 to 5 minutes or until golden. Add curry paste. Cook, stirring, for 30 seconds or until fragrant. Add tomato. Stir to combine. Return lamb to pan. Cover. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Cook for 30 minutes or until lamb is tender. Add spinach. Cook, stirring for 1 to 2 minutes or until spinach has wilted.
620	1	Step 1	Place rice in a medium saucepan. Cover with 1 1/2 cups of cold water. Add a pinch of salt. Bring to the boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low. Simmer, covered, for 12 minutes or until rice is tender.
620	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place coriander and chillies in a food processor. Process until coarsely chopped. Combine yoghurt and 2 tablespoons of coriander mixture in a small bowl. Combine remaining coriander  mixture and coconut in a small bowl.
620	3	Step 3	Spoon curry powder over a plate. Press cutlets into powder to coat. Shake off excess. Heat oil in a large, non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook lamb, in batches, for 3 minutes each side or until cooked to your liking.
620	4	Step 4	Stir coconut mixture through rice. Serve chops with rice and a dollop of yoghurt mixture.
621	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 200°C/180°C fan forced. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Spread the cauliflower over the prepared tray and spray lightly with oil. Roast for 15 minutes. Add the kale to tray. Spray kale with a little more oil and return to the oven for 8-10 minutes or until the cauliflower is tender and kale is crisp.
621	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place the lentils in a large bowl with the onion, parsley, oil, honey, 1 tablespoon lemon juice and 1 teaspoon lemon rind. Toss to combine. Set aside.
621	3	Step 3	Combine the mustard seeds, cumin, turmeric and 1 teaspoon of the lemon rind in a small bowl. Sprinkle the spice mixture evenly over the lamb cutlets. Spray lightly with oil. Preheat a chargrill or large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat and cook the cutlets for 2 minutes each side or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate. Cover loosely with foil and set aside to rest for 3 minutes.
621	4	Step 4	Add the roasted vegetables to the lentils. Gently stir to combine. Serve cutlets with the lentil salad and lemon wedges.
622	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 190°C/170°C fan forced. Place chickpeas on a lined baking tray. Sprinkle with chilli flakes. Drizzle with half the oil and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon garam masala. Season and toss to combine. Roast for 35 minutes or until dry and slightly crisp.
622	2	Step 2	Spread rock salt over a lined baking tray. Top with tomato, cut-side up. Season with pepper. Roast for 35 minutes or until dry and tender.
622	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, combine garlic, ginger, turmeric, 1/4 cup yoghurt and remaining garam masala in a bowl. Season. Add lamb cutlets and toss to coat. Set aside for 15 minutes to marinate.
622	4	Step 4	Combine chickpeas, tomato and coriander in a bowl. Combine cucumber and remaining 1/2 cup yoghurt in a separate bowl. Season with pepper.
622	5	Step 5	Heat remaining oil in a large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook lamb in 2 batches, turning, for 3-4 minutes for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate and rest for 2 minutes. Serve with chickpea salad, yoghurt raita and lemon wedges.
623	1	Step 1	Combine yoghurt, 1 tablespoon mint and salt and pepper in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.
623	2	Step 2	Place lentils in a bowl and cover with cold water. Allow to stand for 30 minutes. Drain, rinse and drain well again. Transfer to a large bowl. Add mince, onion and remaining mint. Season with salt and pepper. Mix well. Roll tablespoonfuls of mixture into balls. Place on a plate.
623	3	Step 3	Heat a large, non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Add curry paste and cook for 1 minute. Add tomato, stock and 1/4 cup water. Bring to the boil. Add meatballs. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer, uncovered, for 35 to 40 minutes or until meatballs are cooked through and sauce thickens.
623	4	Step 4	Spoon steamed rice into bowls. Spoon over meatballs and sauce. Serve with minted yoghurt.
624	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Brush a shallow 1.5L (6-cup) ovenproof dish with the melted butter to lightly grease.
624	2	Step 2	Combine the tikka masala paste and lamb in a large bowl. Set aside. Place onion and water in a medium non-stick saucepan. Cover and bring to the boil over medium heat. Reduce heat to low and cook, covered, for 3-4 minutes or until onion is soft.
624	3	Step 3	Increase heat to medium-high. Add half lamb to onion mixture and cook, stirring, for 2-3 minutes or until brown all over. Transfer to a bowl. Repeat with remaining lamb. Return all lamb and onion to pan with tomatoes and yoghurt. Stir well. Bring to boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to low and cook, covered, for 1 hour, stirring occasionally, or until lamb is tender. Stir in coriander. Transfer to greased dish.
624	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, cook pumpkin, covered, in large saucepan of boiling salted water over high heat for 10 minutes or until just tender. Drain. Transfer pumpkin to large bowl and mash with a potato masher or fork until smooth. Sift flours together over the top and add egg, salt and pepper. Stir to form a dough. Turn onto lightly floured surface and gently press dough out to a 1cm-thick disc. Use a 6.5cm-diameter pastry cutter to cut out 8 discs.
624	5	Step 5	Arrange pumpkin discs over top of lamb mixture, without overlapping. Brush with a little milk. Bake in preheated oven for 25-30 minutes or until top is golden brown.
625	1	Step 1	Combine curry paste and 90g (1/3 cup) of yoghurt in a glass or ceramic bowl. Stir in the lamb. Set aside to marinate.
625	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, melt butter and oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Cook onion, stirring occasionally, for 7 minutes or until browned. Add garlic and ginger and cook for 1 minute or until aromatic.
625	3	Step 3	Increase heat to high and add lamb mixture. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Stir in rice, cardamom, cloves, cinnamon and saffron. Add the stock. Bring to the boil. Stir. Cover and reduce heat to low. Cook for 15 minutes or until the liquid is absorbed. Set aside, covered, for 5 minutes to steam. Use a fork to separate the grains. Season with salt.
625	4	Step 4	Divide among serving plates. Sprinkle with almonds. Add remaining yoghurt and top with coriander.
626	1	Step 1	Combine mince, breadcrumbs, onion, lemon rind, curry paste, egg and half the mint in a large bowl. Season with pepper. Using clean hands, mix until well combined. Using 1/4 cup mixture at a time, roll mixture into 16 balls. Flatten slightly. Place rissoles on a plate. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes, if time permits.
626	2	Step 2	Combine yoghurt, cucumber, remaining mint and 1 tablespoon lemon juice in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to serve.
626	3	Step 3	Preheat a greased barbecue plate on medium-low heat. Spray both sides rissoles with oil. Cook, turning occasionally, for 12 to 15 minutes or until cooked through. Transfer to a plate and cover to keep warm.
626	4	Step 4	Spray both sides naan with oil. Barbecue for 1 to 2 minutes each side or until toasted. Serve rissoles with toasted naan, minted yoghurt and spinach.
627	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Line 2 large baking trays with baking paper.
627	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Add onion. Cook for 2 minutes, or until tender. Add lamb, curry paste, juice, 2 tablespoons of chutney and potatoes. Stir to combine. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat. Simmer for 5 minutes. Add peas and coriander. Stir to combine. Cool.
627	3	Step 3	Cut 12 x 14cm circles from pastry sheets. Brush edges with water. Place lamb mixture, 2 tablespoonfuls at a time, into centre of each circle. Fold in half. Press edges with a fork to seal. Place onto trays. Brush with egg. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden.
627	4	Step 4	Combine yoghurt with remaining chutney. Serve with samosas.
628	1	Step 1	Combine yoghurt and curry paste in a ceramic dish. Season with salt and pepper. Add lamb. Stir to coat. Cover. Refrigerate for 30 minutes, if time permits. Thread meat onto skewers.
628	2	Step 2	Make tomato and mint salsa: Meanwhile, combine tomatoes, cucumber, onion, mint and vinegar in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Stir to combine.
628	3	Step 3	Heat a greased barbecue plate or chargrill over medium-high heat. Spray skewers with oil. Cook skewers, turning occasionally, for 8 to 10 minutes or until cooked to your liking. Serve lamb with salsa and naan breads.
629	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C. Place the lamb leg in a large baking dish. Make 1cm deep cuts at regular intervals over the lamb using a small sharp knife. Spread 1 tablespoon of the curry paste all over the lamb. Cover with foil. Roast for 1 hour. Uncover and cook for a further 1 hour for medium or until cooked to your liking. (Recover with foil if overbrowning) Cover loosely with foil and set aside for 10 minutes to rest before carving.
629	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the remaining curry paste and cook, stirring, for 30 seconds. Add the rice and stir to coat. Add 3 cups water and bring to the boil. Cover and reduce the heat to low. Simmer for 6 minutes. Stir in the peas. Cover and simmer for a further 4 minutes or until the rice is just tender. Transfer to a large bowl and set aside to cool slightly.
629	3	Step 3	Add the currant, almonds and tomato to the rice mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Mix until well combined. Combine the yoghurt, cucumber and mint in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper.
629	4	Step 4	Divide the lamb and rice among serving plates. Serve with the raita.
630	1	Step 1	Cut each lime into 8 wedges. Place in a large bowl. Sprinkle with the salt. Cover and set aside in a cool dry place, stirring occasionally, for 2 days.
630	2	Step 2	Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the mustard seeds and cook for 30 seconds or until the seeds start to pop. Add the garlic, ginger, cumin, coriander and chilli powder. Cook, stirring, for 30 seconds or until aromatic.
630	3	Step 3	Stir in the lime mixture, water, sugar and vinegar and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes or until the mixture is thick.
630	4	Step 4	Spoon into sterilised glass jars. Seal and invert jars for 2 minutes. Set aside for 1 week to develop the flavours.
631	1	Step 1	Place mustard seeds in a frying pan over medium heat. Cook for 1 minute or until seeds start to pop. Add peppercorns, cumin, coriander, garam masala, turmeric and cinnamon. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes or until fragrant. Allow to cool completely.
631	2	Step 2	Place spice mixture in a food processor. Add chilli, garlic, ginger, vinegar and oil. Process until a smooth paste forms. Refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 1 week.
632	1	Step 1	Line a baking tray with baking paper. Combine the beef, rice, coriander leaves, half the chilli, 2 tsp garam masala and 1 garlic clove in a bowl. Season well. Mix until just combined. Shape tablespoonfuls of mixture into balls. Place on prepared tray. Place in the fridge until required.
632	2	Step 2	Heat the ghee in a frying pan over medium heat. Cook the cumin and mustard seeds, stirring, for 1 minute. Stir in the curry leaves for 30 seconds. Add the onion and cook, stirring, for 2-3 minutes or until softened. Stir in the ginger, coriander root and stem and remaining garlic and chilli for 1 minute. Stir in the turmeric and remaining garam masala for 1 minute.
632	3	Step 3	Add the tomato and water. Season. Bring to a simmer. Add the meatballs. Reduce heat to low. Cook, covered, for 5 minutes. Stir in 1⁄2 cup coconut milk. Cook, covered, for 6 minutes or until meatballs are cooked through. Drizzle with the remaining coconut milk. Top with the fried coriander, if using, and serve with the extra rice.
633	1	Step 1	Combine the mince, half the curry powder and half the ginger in a bowl. Roll tablespoonfuls of the mixture into balls.
633	2	Step 2	Heat half the oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add half the meatballs and cook, turning occasionally, for 4 minutes or until browned. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel. Repeat with the remaining meatballs.
633	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, heat the remaining oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the cumin seeds and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the rice. Add three-quarters of stock. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Cook, covered, for 12 minutes or until the liquid is absorbed. Use a fork to separate the grains. Stir in the lentils.
633	4	Step 4	Add garlic, remaining curry powder and remaining ginger to the frying pan. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add the passata, remaining stock and meatballs, and simmer for 5 minutes or until the sauce thickens and the meatballs are cooked through.
633	5	Step 5	Divide the rice mixture and meatballs among serving dishes. Top with the coriander and serve with yoghurt.
634	1	Step 1	Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add cashews and sultanas and cook, stirring, for 2-3 minutes or until cashews are toasted. Add the cardamom seeds and saffron and cook, stirring, for 30 seconds or until fragrant.
634	2	Step 2	Add milk and sugar and bring to the boil. Add noodles and reduce heat to low. Cook, covered, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes or until noodles are just tender. Cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for a further 10 minutes or until sauce thickens. Remove from heat.
634	3	Step 3	Spoon payasam among bowls. Top with silver leaf to serve, if desired.
635	1	Step 1	Bring a small saucepan of salted water to the boil over medium-high heat. Add potato and pumpkin. Cook, uncovered, for 8 to 10 minutes or until just tender (see note). Drain.
635	2	Step 2	Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 19cm (base) non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Add capsicum, onion, chilli and garlic. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 6 to 8 minutes or until onion is tender. Add curry powder and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes. Add potato and pumpkin. Cook for 5 minutes or until heated through. Season with salt. Transfer to a bowl and cover to keep warm. Wipe pan clean.
635	3	Step 3	Whisk eggs in a large bowl. Heat 2 teaspoons oil in frying pan over high heat until hot. Reduce heat to medium-low. Pour in half the egg, tilting pan so egg covers base. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until egg almost set and underside golden. Place half the potato mixture over half the omelette. Fold omelette over filling. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes or until egg set. Slide omelette onto plate. Repeat with remaining oil, egg and potato mixture. Serve.
636	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220C or 200C fan-forced. Place 2 large baking trays in oven.
636	2	Step 2	Place cauliflower, potatoes, zucchini, onion and lemon in a large bowl. Sprinkle with seeds and spices. Season and toss to coat. Drizzle over hot melted butter. Toss to coat and arrange in a single layer on 2 hot trays. Roast for 10 minutes. Sprinkle with almonds. Roast for another 25 minutes or until golden.
636	3	Step 3	Sprinkle with mint and serve with yoghurt.
637	1	Step 1	Peel and quarter onions, then roughly chop 1 green chilli. Pulse onion and chilli in a food processor until roughly chopped. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Add onion mixture, garam masala, 1 teaspoon turmeric and mustard seeds. Crush garlic into pan and cook, stirring occasionally, for 8 minutes or until onions are soft. Remove half the mixture and reserve.
637	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, quarter tomatoes and process until roughly chopped. Add to pan with 1 teaspoon turmeric and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 8 minutes or until thickened. Cover and keep warm.
637	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, to make relish, squeeze juice from lime into a food processor. Process with remaining 1/2 green chilli, coconut, a handful of coriander leaves and a pinch of salt until finely chopped. Transfer to a bowl.
637	4	Step 4	To make pancake batter, process flour, milk, eggs and remaining 1 teaspoon turmeric until smooth. Pour into a jug, then stir in reserved onion mixture. Drain chickpeas and rinse well.
637	5	Step 5	Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 24cm non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Add one-quarter of the chickpeas, then pour over one-quarter of the batter. Cook for 3 minutes or until browned underneath and top is almost set. Using a spatula, flip over and cook for a further 1 minute. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with remaining oil, chickpeas and batter to make 4 pancakes.
637	6	Step 6	Spoon tomato sauce over pancakes, scatter with relish and tear over a few extra coriander leaves to serve.
638	1	Step 1	Heat the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook the onion, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes or until soft and golden. Add the garlic, ginger, chilli and curry leaves and stir for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add the parsnip, potato and stock and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes or until parsnip is tender.
638	2	Step 2	Set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly.
638	3	Step 3	Blend half the parsnip until smooth. Transfer to a clean saucepan. Repeat with remaining parsnip mixture. Add coconut cream then taste and season with salt and pepper. Warm through over low heat.
638	4	Step 4	To make the coriander sambal, heat a small frypan over medium heat. Add the coconut and cook, tossing the pan, for 2-3 minutes or until lightly toasted. Transfer to a bowl.
638	5	Step 5	Add the cumin seeds to the pan and cook for 1 minute or until aromatic. Remove from heat.
638	6	Step 6	Add the cumin, coriander, mint and lemon juice to the coconut and stir to combine.
638	7	Step 7	Ladle the soup among serving bowls. Dollop with yoghurt and spoon over the sambal. Serve immediately.
639	1	Step 1	Melt the butter in a large deep frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the onion, garlic, ginger and chilli and cook, stirring occasionally, for 8-10 minutes or until onion is golden.
639	2	Step 2	Add rice and saffron and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until rice is well coated in onion mixture. Add tomato and stock. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and cook, covered, for 12 minutes or until rice is just tender. Stir in the coriander. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
639	3	Step 3	Use the back of a spoon to make 4 evenly spaced hollows in rice mixture. Crack an egg into each hollow and cook, uncovered, for 3-4 minutes or until eggs are just set or until cooked to your liking.
639	4	Step 4	Divide the pilaf and eggs among serving plates. Sprinkle with coriander and serve immediately.
640	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200C. Line two baking trays with baking paper. Combine curry powder, turmeric, 1 tbs oil and 1 tsp salt in a bowl. Add cauliflower and toss to coat. Place on trays and bake for 25 minutes or until golden and lightly charred.
640	2	Step 2	Spread each naan with 1 tbs passata and top with mozzarella, cauliflower, onion and chilli, then drizzle with remaining 1 tbs oil. Bake for 15 minutes or until bread is crisp and mozzarella has melted. Sprinkle with mint leaves to serve.
641	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Combine lamb and tandoori paste in a ceramic bowl. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes, if time permits.
641	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place naan on a large baking tray. Brush with eggwhite. Sprinkle with half the onion. Bake for 15 minutes or until crisp. Tear into pieces.
641	3	Step 3	Heat oil in a non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook lamb for 4 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Remove to a plate. Cover loosely with foil. Set aside for 10 minutes. Thinly slice.
641	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, combine chutney, yoghurt, 1 tablespoon lemon juice and 1 tablespoon coriander in a bowl. Combine tomatoes, cucumber, remaining lemon juice, remaining coriander and remaining onion in a separate bowl.
641	5	Step 5	Arrange lamb, naan, chutney mixture and tomato mixture on a large platter. Serve.
642	1	Step 1	Heat  vegetable oil in a saucepan over a medium heat. Add 2 onions, cut into wedges, 2 tablespoons Madras curry powder and 3 curry leaf sprigs. Cook for 2-3 minutes or until softens slightly.
642	2	Step 2	Add potatoes and pumpkin. Cook, covered, 15 minutes. Stir through yoghurt with water and chickpeas, rinsed, drained. Cook for 15 minutes.
642	3	Step 3	Add baby spinach leaves, cook, covered, 2-3 minutes. Season. Scatter with extra curry leaves. Serve with extra yoghurt and pappadums.
643	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large saucepan, add onion.  Cook over medium heat for 10 mins until dark golden brown.  Add simmer sauce to the pan and cook, stirring, for 30 secs.
643	2	Step 2	Pour the stock into the empty simmer sauce jar, put the lid on tightly and shake.  Add to the pan along with the potatoes.  Cover and bring to the boil then reduce the heat to medium low.  Simmer for about 20 mins stirring occasionally until potatoes are tender.  Add the peas and paneer to the pan and cook for about 5 mins until heated through.
643	3	Step 3	Preheat the oven to 180C or 160C fan.  While the curry is cooking, spread almonds onto an oven tray and cook for 4-5 mins until golden and fragrant.  Serve almonds on the side for guests to sprinkle over their curry, if desired.
644	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add onion, garlic and ginger, then cook, stirring, for 3-5 minutes until golden. Add spices and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add tomato paste and curry paste, then cook, stirring, for a further 1-2 minutes or until fragrant. Add coconut cream and tomato, then simmer for 8-10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until thickened. Stir in chickpeas and prawns, and cook for 1-2 minutes or until warmed through.
644	2	Step 2	For the naan, combine spices and sesame seeds with 1 tablespoon sea salt in a small bowl. Brush warm naan with melted butter, then sprinkle with the curry salt.
644	3	Step 3	Garnish the curry with coriander leaves, then serve with naan and rice.
645	1	Step 1	Place prawns in a bowl with garlic, ginger, spices, 2 teaspoons oil and some salt and pepper. Stir well to coat, then cover and marinate in the fridge for 15 minutes.
645	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cook the rice according to packet instructions. Cover and keep warm.
645	3	Step 3	Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a wok or frypan over medium-high heat. Add prawns and stir-fry for 2-3 minutes until lightly golden. Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil to the pan, reduce the heat to medium, then add onion and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes until softened. Stir in the tomato, then cover and simmer over medium heat for 5 minutes until tomato is softened. Return prawns to pan with yoghurt and coriander, then warm through, stirring, for 1 minute. Season to taste, then serve with rice.
646	1	Step 1	Combine yoghurt, coconut, paprika, garam masala, chilli powder, coriander, cumin and coconut cream in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper.
646	2	Step 2	Add prawns to bowl and stir until well coated in yoghurt mixture. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
646	3	Step 3	Heat oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Add onion and cook for 3 minutes or until soft. Add garlic and ginger. Cook for 1 minute. Add prawns and marinade. Cook, stirring often, for 10 minutes or until prawns are cooked through.
646	4	Step 4	Spoon curry over rice and top with coriander. Serve with pappadums.
647	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large saucepan on medium. Cook onion for 5 minutes, until softened. Add pumpkin and stir to combine. Add stock and Beanz Creationz™. Bring to the boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, for 10 minutes, until pumpkin is tender.
647	2	Step 2	Using a hand blender, blend soup until smooth. Add coconut milk and stir to combine. Cook over low heat until warm through.
647	3	Step 3	Serve in bowls topped with coriander and naan.
648	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Heat half the oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until the onion softens. Add the curry paste and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Stir in the rice. Add the water and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and cook, covered, for 10 minutes or until the liquid is absorbed. Set aside, covered, for 10 minutes. Use a fork to separatethe grains. Stir in the currants, pistachio and coriander.
648	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cut the tops from the capsicums and reserve. Use a small sharp knife to cut around the membrane and seeds. Discard. Combine the yoghurt and mint in a small bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge.
648	3	Step 3	Divide the rice mixture among the capsicums. Place in a roasting pan and drizzle over remaining oil. Replace tops.
648	4	Step 4	Bake the capsicums in oven for 20 minutes or until tender. Arrange on a serving platter and serve with the minted yoghurt.
649	1	Step 1	In a medium saucepan, combine coconut milk, sugar, cardamom and cinnamon. Stir in rice. Bring to the boil on high. Reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring, for 15-20 mins until rice is tender.
649	2	Step 2	Stir condensed milk through. Cook on low for a further 2 mins.
649	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, to make dried fruit syrup, heat water, sugar, cardamom and star anise in a small pan on high. Heat, stirring, until sugar dissolves. Add fruit and bring to the boil without stirring. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 8-10 mins, until fruit is tender and syrup has thickened slightly.
649	4	Step 4	Serve rice pudding topped with fruit and syrup. Sprinkle with chopped pistachios.
650	1	Step 1	Cook basmati rice and wild rice separately, following packet directions. Place on a tray. Set aside to cool.
650	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat a frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook almonds for 3 to 4 minutes or until golden. Combine yoghurt, pickle and 1 tablespoon cold water in a bowl.
650	3	Step 3	Reserve 1 tablespoon each of almonds, currants and coriander. Place remaining almonds, currants and coriander, rice and yoghurt mixture in a bowl. Gently toss to combine. Serve topped with reserved almonds, currants and coriander.
651	1	Step 1	Combine mince, curry paste, mustard seeds, beans, cumin, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Using clean hands, shape mixture into eight 2cm-thick rissoles. Place on a plate.
651	2	Step 2	Cook rissoles, in a large frying pan sprayed with oil, over medium-high heat, for 3 to 4 minutes each side or until cooked through.
651	3	Step 3	Serve with naan and chutney.
652	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220 degrees. Measure out all the spices ready for roasting.
652	2	Step 2	Heat a small fry pan to medium heat. Pour mustard seeds in pan until just start popping. Add the coriander and cumin seeds until just starting to pop. Add salt, chili and turmeric and stir for about 10 seconds.
652	3	Step 3	Remove from the heat and pour into a mortar and pestle to cool slightly. Put the ginger beer, brown sugar, garlic, ginger and onion in a deep roasting tray.
652	4	Step 4	Place a roasting rack (or metal cake cooler) over the top of ginger beer mix; the base of the pork must not touch the liquid.
652	5	Step 5	Dry the skin side of pork well with paper towel, must be very dry to crackle.
652	6	Step 6	Crush the spice mix in mortar and pestle. Rub two-thirds of the spice mix on the meat side of pork. Place the pork meat side down on the roasting rack. Sprinkle remainder of spice mix and oil and rub over the whole surface of skin. Put in oven and roast at 220 degrees for 40 minutes.
652	7	Step 7	Reduce the heat to 140 degrees for 2hrs 20 minutes. Turn oven back up to 220 degrees for 30 minutes.
652	8	Step 8	Remove the belly from oven and rest 30 minutes before serving.
653	1	Step 1	Place the boiling water in a small heatproof bowl. Add the saffron threads and set aside for 2 minutes.
653	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place the evaporated milk and sugar in a medium saucepan. Stir over low heat for 3 minutes or until the sugar dissolves. Add the saffron and liquid, pistachios and almonds to the milk mixture and stir to combine.
653	3	Step 3	Pour the mixture into six 250ml (1-cup) dariole or freezerproof moulds. Place in the freezer for 6 hours or overnight to firm.
653	4	Step 4	Cut the cheeks from the mangoes and use a spoon to scoop out the flesh. Preheat a chargrill pan on high heat. Place the mango pieces on a large plate and sprinkle with the extra sugar. Cook the mango in preheated chargrill pan for 2-3 seconds each side or until just warmed through.
653	5	Step 5	Quickly dip the base of each mould in hot water to loosen the kulfi and turn out onto serving plates. Serve with the chargrilled mango.
654	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion, garlic and ginger. Cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes or until softened. Add mince. Cook, breaking up with a wooden spoon, for 6 to 8 minutes or until browned. Add paste. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until fragrant.
654	2	Step 2	Add tomato and 1/2 cup cold water. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes or until sauce is thick. Stir in yoghurt, lemon juice and peas. Cook for 2 minutes or until heated through. Stir in coriander. Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced.
654	3	Step 3	Make Cauliflower mash: Place potato and cauliflower in a large saucepan. Cover with cold water. Bring to the boil. Boil, uncovered, for 15 minutes or until tender. Drain. Return to pan. Mash until almost smooth. Stir in butter. Season with salt and pepper.
654	4	Step 4	Divide mince mixture between four 5cm-deep (2 cup-capacity) freezer-proof, ovenproof dishes. Spread evenly with mash (if freezing, see notes).
654	5	Step 5	Brush tops of pies with egg. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden and heated through.
655	1	Step 1	Combine cumin, coriander, turmeric, chilli flakes, ginger, cinnamon, cardamom and cloves in a small bowl.
656	1	Step 1	Place the potato in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to the boil over medium heat and cook for 25 minutes or until tender. Drain. Return to the pan. Cook over low heat for 2-3 minutes or until dry. Use a potato masher to mash until smooth. Gradually mash in the butter and milk. Season with salt and white pepper. Keep warm.
656	2	Step 2	Pan-fry cumin seeds, ground turmeric and fresh curry leaves in grapeseed oil until aromatic. Drizzle over mash. Top with baby pappadums and fried shallots.
657	1	Step 1	Combine cumin, coriander, turmeric, cardamom and garam masala in a non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Cook, shaking pan often, for 5 to 8 minutes or until aromatic. Transfer to a bowl to cool.
657	2	Step 2	Stir in remaining ingredients. Mix well.
657	3	Step 3	To use: Sprinkle over both sides of chicken thigh fillets, pork cutlets or fish fillets. Using your fingertips, rub into meat. Barbecue or grill.
658	1	Step 1	Toast cumin seeds in a frying pan over medium heat for 1 to 2 minutes or until fragrant. Transfer to a mortar and pestle (see note). Pound until roughly ground.
658	2	Step 2	Place avocado in a bowl. Add chilli, coriander, onion, oil, lime juice, salt and cumin. Stir to combine. Serve with naan.
659	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200C. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Combine the cauliflower, broccoli, chickpeas, oil, cumin, ground coriander, garam masala and turmeric in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper and toss to combine. Spread over the lined tray. Bake in preheated oven, turning occasionally, for 20 minutes or until cauliflower is lightly golden brown and tender. Remove from heat and set aside to cool slightly.
659	2	Step 2	To make the mango chutney dressing, toast the cumin seeds in a small saucepan over medium heat for 1 minute or until aromatic. Remove from heat. Transfer to a small bowl. Add the mango chutney, lemon juice and olive oil and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
659	3	Step 3	Transfer the cauliflower mixture to a large bowl. Add onion, coriander and mint leaves and toss to combine. Drizzle with mango dressing and toss to combine. Divide among serving plates, serve with lemon wedges.
660	1	Step 1	Process the cauliflower in a food processor until chopped. Heat 20ml of the oil in a frying pan over medium-low heat. Cook cumin, mustard seeds and cinnamon, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add onion. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until soft. Stir in garlic, ginger and chilli for 2 minutes or until aromatic. Stir in turmeric and garam masala for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add cauliflower. Season well. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Reduce heat to low. Stir in water. Cover. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 6 minutes or until tender.
660	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, drizzle salmon with remaining oil. Season. Heat a non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Cook salmon, turning, for 6 minutes for medium or until cooked to your liking. Rest for 3 minutes. Flake.
660	3	Step 3	Add spinach to cauliflower mixture. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until just wilted. Divide among bowls. Top with salmon, yoghurt and coriander.
661	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the onion, garlic, ginger and chilli and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until onion softens. Add the curry paste and cook for 1 minute or until aromatic.
661	2	Step 2	Add the cauliflower, potato and chicken stock and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes or until potato and cauliflower and tender. Remove from heat. Set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly.
661	3	Step 3	Transfer cauliflower mixture to the jug of a blender and blend until smooth.
661	4	Step 4	Return to saucepan. Place over low heat. Add the PHILLY and stir to combine. Cook for 2 minutes or until heated through. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
661	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, heat extra oil in a small frying pan over medium heat. Add half the curry leaves and cook for 1 minute or until crisp. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with remaining curry leaves.
661	6	Step 6	Ladle soup among serving bowls. Top with curry leaves. Serve immediately with pappadums, if desired.
662	1	Step 1	Heat half the ghee or butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook the onion, stirring, for 5 mins or until onion softens. Add garlic, ginger, chilli, cumin, coriander, garam masala and turmeric. Cook, stirring, for 2 mins or until fragrant.
662	2	Step 2	Reserve 2 of the cauliflower florets. Add remaining cauliflower and potato to the onion mixture. Add the stock and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and cook, stirring occasionally, for 20 mins or until cauliflower is tender. Reserve 2 tbs of the coconut milk. Add the remaining coconut milk to the cauliflower mixture and stir to combine. Set aside for 10 mins to cool slightly.
662	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, heat remaining ghee or butter in a small frying pan over low heat. Thinly slice the reserved cauliflower lengthways into 5mm-thick slices. Cook, turning occasionally, for 3 mins or until light golden and tender.
662	4	Step 4	Place the soup in a blender and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Return to the saucepan over low heat. Cook for 5 mins or until heated through.
662	5	Step 5	Divide soup among serving bowls. Drizzle with the reserved coconut milk and olive oil. Top with cauliflower slices and coriander leaves. Serve with the pappadums.
663	1	Step 1	Combine the sweet and hot paprika, cinnamon, half the yoghurt, 2 tablespoons of lemon juice and half the garlic in a glass bowl. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 3 hours to develop flavours.
663	2	Step 2	To make the raisin pilaf, melt the spread in a large saucepan over medium heat until foaming. Add the onion and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until onion softens. Add the rice and stir to coat. Add the stock and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, for 25 minutes or until rice is tender and liquid absorbed. Remove from heat. Stir in the raisins and coriander. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
663	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, preheat a chargrill pan on high. Add the chicken fillets and cook for 4 minutes each side or until cooked through. Remove from heat. Place on a plate and cover with foil. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
663	4	Step 4	Combine the remaining yoghurt, lemon juice and garlic in a small bowl. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
663	5	Step 5	Spoon the pilaf among serving plates. Top with chicken and dollop with yoghurt sauce. Serve immediately
664	1	Step 1	Combine tandoori paste and 2 tablespoons yoghurt together in a bowl. Add chicken. Stir to coat. Cover. Refrigerate for 2 hours to marinate, if time permits.
664	2	Step 2	Heat a barbecue plate or chargrill on medium-high heat. Cook chicken for 4 minutes each side or until cooked through. Transfer to a plate. Cover with foil. Stand for 5 minutes.
664	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, cook rice following packet directions. Transfer to a bowl. Add cucumber and coriander to bowl. Stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
664	4	Step 4	Serve chicken with rice salad and remaining yoghurt.
665	1	Step 1	Place the eggplant cubes in a large colander and sprinkle liberally with salt. Set aside to drain for 10 minutes, then rinse the eggplant well and pat dry well with paper towel.
665	2	Step 2	Heat the oil in a wok over medium heat. Add the ginger and spices and cook, stirring, for 2-3 minutes until fragrant. In batches, add the eggplant cubes and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until the eggplant has softened slightly. Return all the eggplant to the wok, then stir in the canned tomato and 1 cup (250ml) water. Bring to the boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer for 12-15 minutes until the eggplant is tender and the sauce has thickened. Season with salt, garnish with coriander and serve.
666	1	Step 1	Combine olive oil, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 1 tsp ginger and, 1 crushed garlic clove in a jug. Season. Place lamb in a large glass or ceramic dish. Pour over spice mixture, tossing to coat. Set aside for 30 mins to marinate.
666	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and cook for 3 mins. Add remaining garlic, ginger, garam masala and turmeric. Cook, stirring for 1 min. Add rice. Cook stirring for 2 mins. Add stock and carrot and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Cover and cook for 15 mins. Remove from the heat. Add spinach, cover and set aside for 10 mins to steam. Fluff with a fork.
666	3	Step 3	Heat a barbecue or chargrill on medium-high. Cook lamb for 3 mins each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil.  Divide lamb among serving plates. Serve with yogurt, coriander leaves and pilaf.
667	1	Step 1	Make Curried spinach and currant pilaf: Heat oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until softened. Add curry paste. Cook, stirring, for 1 to 2 minutes or until fragrant. Add rice. Stir to coat. Add stock. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Cover. Cook for 12 to 15 minutes or until rice is just tender and stock has absorbed. Stir in spinach and currants. Cover. Set aside for 5 minutes.
667	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, preheat barbecue chargrill on medium-high heat. Combine cumin, garam marsala and turmeric in a small bowl. Place chops on a chopping board. Sprinkle both sides with cumin mixture. Spray with oil. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a rack over a baking tray. Cover loosely with foil. Set aside to rest for 5 minutes. Serve with pilaf, yoghurt and lime wedges.
668	1	Step 1	Combine the honey, curry paste and garlic in a large bowl. Add the almonds, peanuts, cashews and macadamias and stir until well combined. Place the nut mixture in a large oven bag and twist the opening to close.
668	2	Step 2	Place oven bag on the microwave turntable, adjusting until the nuts are in a single layer and the twisted opening of the bag is underneath (this will prevent the bag opening during cooking).
668	3	Step 3	Cook on High/800watts/100%, shaking the bag every 2 minutes, for 8-12 minutes or until toasted. Remove from microwave. Spread the nuts in a single layer over a baking tray and set aside for 30 minutes to cool.
668	4	Step 4	Coarsely break up the nut mixture and place in a large bowl. Add the raisins and coconut, and stir until well combined.
669	1	Step 1	Heat a saucepan over a medium heat. Add cumin seeds and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Transfer to a plate.
669	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until soft. Add curry paste and cook, stirring, for 30 seconds or until aromatic.
669	3	Step 3	Add the stock and water to the pan. Increase heat to high and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium-high. Add the parsnip and simmer for 15 minutes or until parsnip is tender. Remove from heat and set aside to cool slightly.
669	4	Step 4	Place half the parsnip mixture in the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. Transfer to a clean saucepan. Repeat with the remaining parsnip mixture. Place over low heat and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until heated through.
669	5	Step 5	Ladle soup among serving bowls and top with coconut cream. Sprinkle with cumin seeds and serve with pappadums.
670	1	Step 1	Wash rice in cold water until water runs clear. Place in a bowl. Cover with cold water. Set aside for 20 minutes to soak. Drain rice in a colander, stirring occasionally, for 30 minutes or until rice feels dry. Combine saffron and 1 tablespoon hot water in a small bowl and set aside.
670	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic. Cook, stirring often, for 4 to 5 minutes or until soft.
670	3	Step 3	Add ginger, cinnamon stick, star anise and cardamom pods. Cook for 1 minute. Add rice and cook, stirring constantly, for 5 minutes.
670	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, bring stock to the boil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Add boiling stock, saffron mixture, cloves, garam masala and sultanas to rice. Stir to combine. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Cover with a tight-fitting lid and cook for 18 minutes (do not remove lid). Remove from heat. Add peas and stir with a fork. Cover and set aside for 5 minutes. Fluff rice with a fork. Transfer to serving bowl. Top with egg and fried cashews. Serve.
671	1	Step 1	Heat the ghee in a small frying pan over high heat. Add the cumin, coriander and mustard seeds, garlic and ginger and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Remove from heat. Place the pumpkin, onion and chickpeas in a bowl and pour over the ghee mixture. Gently toss ingredients to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
671	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 200°C. Cut four 40cm squares of baking paper. Place the pumpkin mixture evenly among each paper sheet. Pour stock over each parcel and sprinkle with curry leaves. Bring in edges of paper to the centre to form a parcel. Use kitchen string to secure. Place on an oven tray and cook for 20 minutes or until pumpkin is tender.
671	3	Step 3	Serve parcels with mango chutney, yoghurt and pappadums, if desired.
672	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion. Cook, stirring, for 3 to 4 minutes or until softened. Add curry paste. Stir to combine.
672	2	Step 2	Stir in stock, tomato, lentils and barley. Cover. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 20 to 25 minutes or until barley is tender. Divide between bowls. Top with coriander. Serve with bread.
673	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook for 5 mins or until golden. Add the peppercorns, cloves, star anise, cinnamon bark, bay leaf, cumin, cardamom pods, garlic and ginger and cook, stirring, for 2 mins or until fragrant. Add the chicken and yoghurt and cook , turning, for 5 mins. Add 3 cups (750ml) water. Reduce heat to low. Cover and cook for 20 mins or until chicken is tender and cooked through.
673	2	Step 2	Season with salt. Add the rice and stir to combine. Increase heat to medium-high and bring to the boil. Simmer for 5 mins until liquid has reduced slightly. Reduce heat to low, cover and cook for 20 mins or until the rice is tender and all the liquid has been absorbed.
673	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, to make the topping, heat the oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat to 170C (when the oil is ready a cube of bread will turn golden brown in 20 seconds). Add the onion and fry for 1 min or until golden brown. Use a slotted spoon to transfer to a plate lined with paper towel to drain. In a small bowl, soak the saffron in the warm milk.
673	4	Step 4	Top the pulao with fried onion, saffron mik. Divide pulao among serving plates and top with coriander to serve.
674	1	Step 1	Finely chop 1 cup coriander leaves. Use your hands to combine mince, chopped coriander, chopped onion and garam masala in a large bowl. Divide into 12 even portions and mould around pre-soaked bamboo skewers. Heat a chargrill on medium-high and brush with half the oil. Cook koftas on grill, turning occasionally, for 8 minutes or until cooked through.
674	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, toss remaining coriander, sliced onion, salad mix and remaining oil in a medium bowl until combined.
674	3	Step 3	Divide salad and koftas among plates. Serve with the sauce and lemon wedges.
675	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large, deep, non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook onion, stirring, for 3 minutes or until softened. Add curry paste. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until fragrant.
675	2	Step 2	Add eggplant, pumpkin, cauliflower, stock and tomato. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer for 15 minutes or until cauliflower is almost tender.
675	3	Step 3	Stir in chickpeas and peas. Cook for 5 minutes or until vegetables are tender.
675	4	Step 4	Serve with rice and mini pappadums.
676	1	Step 1	For pachadi, combine all ingredients in a bowl. Cover and keep chilled until needed.
676	2	Step 2	Combine flour, spices and curry powder, then whisk in lager until smooth. Stir in coriander, baking powder, vegetables and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, then stand for 5 minutes.
676	3	Step 3	Heat 3cm oil in a frypan over high heat. In 2-3 batches, add heaped tablespoons of mixture and fry for 1-2 minutes each side until golden. Drain on paper towel. Serve the pakoras immediately with the pachadi, garnished with coriander leaves.
677	1	Step 1	Preheat a covered barbecue on high. (Alternatively, preheat oven to 230°C.)
677	2	Step 2	Combine curry paste and half of the yoghurt in a small bowl. Rub all over pork. Place celery in a disposable baking tray. Top with pork. Roast in covered barbecue using indirect heat, or in oven, for 30 mins. Reduce heat to medium or 200°C. Roast in covered barbecue using indirect heat, or in oven, for a further 1 hour or until cooked through.
677	3	Step 3	Transfer pork to a plate and cover with foil. Set aside for 15 mins to rest. Serve with naan, chutney, coriander and remaining yoghurt.
678	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Season the lamb with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large flameproof casserole dish or large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add one-third of the lamb and cook for 2-3 minutes each side or until browned. Transfer to a large plate. Repeat, in 2 more batches, with remaining lamb, reheating the dish between batches.
678	2	Step 2	Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until soft. Add the potato and carrot, and cook, stirring occasionally, for 2 minutes. Add the wine and cook for 2 minutes or until the liquid has reduced by half.
678	3	Step 3	Transfer the mixture to a casserole dish, if necessary. Add the lamb, passata, stock, chutney and rosemary. Cover and bake for 2 hours or until the lamb is tender and falls off the bone.
678	4	Step 4	Use a large metal spoon to skim any fat from the surface. Stir in the peas. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with parsley to serve.
679	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C.
679	2	Step 2	Heat oil in 8-cup ovenproof casserole dish. Cook lamb in batches until browned all over. Remove.
679	3	Step 3	Cook celery, carrot and onion in same pan for 3 minutes or until onion is soft. Return lamb with stock, wine and tomato paste stirring to combine. Bring to the boil. Cover with lid, transfer to oven and cook for 1 hour.
679	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pan of boiling salted water according to packet instructions. Drain. Combine pasta with sauce in medium bowl.
679	5	Step 5	Remove lid from casserole, spread pasta mixture evenly over meat and sprinkle with cheese. Bake uncovered a further 20 minutes until golden brown.
680	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 150°C. Heat oil in a large, non-stick frying pan over high heat. Cook chops, in batches, for 2 to 3 minutes each side or until just browned. Transfer to a large, ovenproof, casserole dish. Add onion, beans, garlic and rosemary to lamb.
680	2	Step 2	Mix tomato paste, wine and tomatoes in a bowl. Pour over lamb. Season with pepper.
680	3	Step 3	Cover tightly with foil. Bake for 2 1/2 hours or until lamb is tender. Remove foil and bake for a further 30 minutes or until sauce has reduced slightly. Serve with mashed potato and steamed vegetables.
681	1	Step 1	For marinade, combine all ingredients in a food processor and process until a paste forms. Season to taste with salt and pepper then rub paste all over lamb and marinate at room temperature for 1 hour.
681	2	Step 2	Preheat barbecue grill to medium then cook lamb, turning regularly, for 20 minutes for medium or until cooked to your liking. (The lamb will blacken slightly on the outside.) Transfer to a plate, cover with foil and rest for 10 minutes.
681	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, for couscous, combine couscous, orange juice and oil in a large heatproof bowl and season to taste. Add 2 cups boiling water. Stir to combine then cover and stand for 10 minutes. Using a fork, fluff grains to separate then gently stir in remaining ingredients.
681	4	Step 4	When ready to serve, thinly slice lamb. Divide slices among plates and serve with spoonfuls of couscous and dollops of spiced yoghurt.
682	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200C/180C fan-forced.
682	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a 10-cup-capacity flameproof baking dish over medium heat. Cook lamb chops, in batches, for 2 to 3 minutes each side or until browned all over. Transfer to a plate.
682	3	Step 3	Add onion and carrot to dish. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until onion is softened. Add garlic, oregano and rosemary. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until fragrant. Add flour. Cook for 1 minute. Gradually add stock, stirring constantly, until smooth. Add tomato, artichoke, beans and lemon juice. Return chops to pan.
682	4	Step 4	Cover tightly with foil. Bake for 50 minutes. Remove foil. Bake for a further 20 minutes or until thickened slightly. Sprinkle with parsley and serve with rice.
683	1	Step 1	Heat 2 teaspoons of the oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add lamb and cook for 2 mins each side or until browned. Transfer to a plate. Heat remaining oil in the pan. Cook onion, stirring occasionally, for 5 mins. Add curry paste, garlic and ginger. Cook for 1 min or until aromatic.
683	2	Step 2	Stir in coconut cream, sugar and 1/2 cup (125ml) water. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Return lamb to the pan. Cover and simmer for 7 mins. Add tomato and spinach and cook for 2-3 mins or until wilted.
683	3	Step 3	Divide curry among serving plates. Top with almonds and serve with basmati rice.
684	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook lamb, in batches, for 2 to 3 minutes each side or until browned. Remove to a plate.
684	2	Step 2	Reduce heat to medium. Add onion and garlic to frying pan. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until onion is soft. Add zucchini, mushrooms, eggplant and tomatoes. Return lamb to frying pan. Cover. Simmer gently for 30 minutes or until lamb is tender and sauce has thickened slightly. Stir through oregano. Season with salt and pepper. Serve.
685	1	Step 1	Strip all but 2cm of rosemary leaves from sprigs, then finely chop 1 teaspoon leaves and reserve 2 teaspoons whole leaves. Thread tomato halves on to rosemary sprigs.
685	2	Step 2	Combine bread, cheese, currants, pine nuts, eggs, and chopped rosemary and garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Press 1/8 stuffing next to meat on each chop, then wrap tail around and secure with string.
685	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 180°C. Heat oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook chops for 3 minutes each side and a further 2 minutes on fat side. Place on an oven tray and roast for 10 minutes or until cooked.
685	4	Step 4	Heat same frying pan over medium heat. Cook tomato skewers, sliced garlic and rosemary leaves, in 2 batches, for 15 seconds each side. Remove skewers. Add vinegar and sugar and simmer until reduced by 1/2. Serve chops, drizzled with vinegar, with tomato skewers and rocket.
686	1	Step 1	To make the coriander and almond pesto, process coriander, almonds, garlic, parmesan and chilli flakes in a food processor until finely chopped. With the motor running, gradually add oil until combined.
686	2	Step 2	Heat a barbecue or chargrill over medium-high heat. Brush potato slices with oil. Cook potato, in batches, for 5 mins each side or until tender. Transfer to a plate. Cover with foil and keep warm. Season lamb chops. Cook for 3-4 mins each side or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil. Set aside for 5 mins to rest.
686	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, heat extra oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add garlic. Cook, stirring, for 1 min. Add spinach and peas. Cook, stirring, for 2-3 mins or until spinach wilts and peas are heated through.
686	4	Step 4	Serve lamb chops with coriander and almond pesto, potato, spinach, peas and bread.
687	1	Step 1	Combine oil, garlic, oregano, lemon zest and juice, and red wine vinegar in a jug. Season. Place the chops in a glass or ceramic dish. Pour over 2/3 of the marinade. Set aside for 15 mins to marinate.
687	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, preheat oven to 180C. Brush pita bread with oil on both sides. Place on a lined baking tray. Bake for 5-8 mins or until crisp. Set aside to cool slightly.
687	3	Step 3	Place the tomato, onion, olives, cucumber, extra oregano and feta in a large bowl. Coarsely break the pita bread and add to bowl. Drizzle with remaining marinade, season and toss to coat.
687	4	Step 4	Heat a barbecue or chargrill on medium heat. Cook chops for 3 mins each side. Cover and set aside for 5 mins to rest. Serve chops with the salad and lemon wedges.
688	1	Step 1	Cut the potatoes into 1.5-2cm cubes.  Heat about 5mm oil in a large heavy based frying pan.  Cook the potatoes for 15-20 mins turning often until crisp and golden.  Drain on kitchen paper.
688	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cook chops in another lightly oiled large frying pan for 4 mins each side.
688	3	Step 3	To make Greek-style salad cut cucumber into quarters lengthways then into pieces.  Combine with tomatoes, lettuce, olives and dressing.  Toss to combine then add fetta.
688	4	Step 4	Serve chops with the potatoes and salad.
689	1	Step 1	Using a fork, pierce sweet potato all over. Place on a microwave-safe plate. Microwave on HIGH (100%) for 4 minutes or until tender. Quarter sweet potato lengthways. Brush with half the oil.
689	2	Step 2	Heat a greased barbecue plate or chargrill on medium-high. Cook lamb for 3 to 4 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Cook sweet potato for 2 to 3 minutes each side or until crisp.
689	3	Step 3	Place yoghurt, harissa paste and chopped coriander in a small bowl. Stir to combine.
689	4	Step 4	Combine witlof, parsley leaves and coriander leaves in a medium bowl. Drizzle with lemon juice and remaining oil. Toss gently to combine. Drizzle sweet potato with harissa yoghurt. Serve lamb chops with sweet potato, salad and lemon wedges.
690	1	Step 1	Place potato in a saucepan. Cover with cold water. Bring to the boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium. Cook, partially covered, for 6 to 8 minutes or until tender. Drain. Place in a bowl. Whisk 2 tablespoons oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice and salt and pepper in a bowl. Pour over potato. Add tomato, onion and parsley. Toss to combine.
690	2	Step 2	Heat remaining 2 teaspoons oil in a large non-stick frying pan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium. Season both sides of lamb with pepper. Cook lamb, in 2 batches, for 2 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate. Cover with foil. Drain excess fat from pan.
690	3	Step 3	Return pan to medium-low heat. Add mint jelly and stock. Simmer, stirring, for 2 minutes or until reduced slightly. Place lamb on serving plates. Drizzle with mint jelly sauce. Serve with potato salad.
691	1	Step 1	Combine lemon rind and half the lemon juice, oil, oregano and garlic in a large shallow dish. Add lamb. Turn to coat in mixture. Cover. Refrigerate for 1 hour, if time permits.
691	2	Step 2	Heat a barbecue chargrill or chargrill pan on medium-high heat. Toss capsicums in 2 teaspoons remaining oil. Cook capsicums, turning, for 6 minutes or until lightly charred and tender. Transfer to a large bowl. Add lamb to chargrill. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking.
691	3	Step 3	Add rocket, artichokes and fetta to capsicum. Place remaining lemon juice, oil, oregano and garlic in a small bowl. Whisk until combined. Season with salt and pepper. Add dressing to salad. Toss gently to combine. Serve salad with lamb chops.
692	1	Step 1	Combine lamb, chives, rosemary and 1 tablespoon of oil in a bowl. Season with pepper. Cover and place in the fridge.
692	2	Step 2	Heat remaining oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until soft. Add tomato and sugar and bring to a simmer. Cook for 8 minutes or until the sauce thickens. Season with salt and pepper.
692	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, heat a frying pan over medium-high heat. Add lamb and cook for 3-5 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil to keep warm.
692	4	Step 4	Bring stock and water to the boil in a saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium. Gradually add the polenta in a thin, steady stream, stirring until combined. Cook, stirring, for 4 minutes. Stir in the butter. Season with pepper.
692	5	Step 5	Divide the polenta and lamb among serving plates. Drizzle over the tomato sauce. Sprinkle with parsley to serve.
693	1	Step 1	Heat a little oil in a non-stick frying pan over high heat. Sprinkle lamb chop with salt and pepper. Add to pan and cook in batches for 2-3 minutes each side or until cooked to your liking. Remove, cover and keep warm.
693	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat stock in a saucepan over medium heat, until simmering. Add polenta and stir until soft and thick. Stir in butter and remove from heat.
693	3	Step 3	Divide polenta between four serving bowls. Top each with lamb, scatter over sun-dried tomatoes and add a spoonful of pesto.
694	1	Step 1	Place potato in a saucepan. Cover with cold water. Bring to the boil over high heat. Cook for 10 minutes or until tender. Add asparagus and peas to pan for last 3 minutes of cooking. Drain. Rinse under cold water. Drain. Return to pan.
694	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat 2 teaspoons oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add lamb. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking.
694	3	Step 3	Add pepitas, vinegar and remaining oil to potato mixture. Toss to combine. Serve lamb with potato mixture.
695	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220°C. Line a roasting pan with baking paper.
695	2	Step 2	Combine vegetables, 1 1/2 tablespoons of oil, rosemary, and salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Place into a large roasting pan. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes, or until vegetables are golden and tender.
695	3	Step 3	Heat remaining 2 teaspoons of oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook lamb for 3 minutes each side for medium.
695	4	Step 4	Serve lamb with vegetables and spinach.
696	1	Step 1	Preheat a grill on high. Brush zucchini and onion with 1 tablespoon of the oil and place on a wire rack. Cook under preheated grill, about 6cm from the heat source, for 5 minutes each side or until brown. Remove from grill and cover with foil to keep warm.
696	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cook pumpkin in a saucepan of salted boiling water for 8 minutes or until tender. Drain well. Place the pumpkin, milk and cayenne pepper in the jug of a blender and blend until smooth.
696	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, combine remaining oil, garlic and thyme in a bowl. Brush lamb with garlic mixture. Cook under preheated grill, about 6cm from the heat source, for 3 minutes each side for medium-rare or until cooked to your liking. Serve lamb on the spicy pumpkin puree with the zucchini and red onion.
697	1	Step 1	Make Sundried tomato and basil butter: Place butter, tomato, garlic and basil in a food processor. Process until combined. Spoon mixture along the centre of a 25cm piece of baking paper. Roll paper to enclose butter and form a log shape. Wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 2 hours or until required.
697	2	Step 2	Heat a barbecue plate or chargrill on medium-high heat. Cook lamb chops for 3 to 4 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking.
697	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, pierce potatoes all over with a fork. Place on a large plate. Microwave, on High (100%) for 4 minutes or until just tender. Thickly slice potatoes diagonally. Place in a medium bowl. Add oil. Toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Cook potato on barbecue plate or chargrill for 1 to 2 minutes each side or until golden and crisp.
697	4	Step 4	Unwrap butter log. Thickly slice. Serve lamb chops topped with butter slices, grilled potatoes, basil and salad leaves.
698	1	Step 1	Blend or process beans, garlic, cumin and half the lemon juice until smooth. Season to taste.
698	2	Step 2	Spray chops lightly with oil and season. Cook chops on a heated grill plate for 2 minutes on each side, or until cooked to your liking. Remove from heat, cover with foil and rest for 5 minutes.
698	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, combine coriander, mint, onion, peppers, oil and remaining lemon juice in a medium bowl. Serve chops topped with white bean puree and fresh herb salad.
699	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until soft. Add the spice mix and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until fragrant. Add the water and bring to the boil. Remove from heat. Add the couscous and stir with a fork to combine. Cover and set aside for 2 minutes or until the liquid is absorbed. Stir with a fork to separate the grains. Set aside for 2 minutes to cool.
699	2	Step 2	Combine one-third of the couscous with the mince and egg in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Divide mixture into 4 portions and shape into 10cm patties.
699	3	Step 3	Heat a large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the patties and cook for 3 minutes each side or until brown and cooked through. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil to keep warm.
699	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, combine the remaining couscous, tomato, mint, parsley and lemon juice in a medium bowl. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
699	5	Step 5	Toast pide. Place 1 pide half, cut-side up, on each serving plate. Top with lettuce, eggplant and patties. Top with a dollop of hummus and serve with remaining pide and tabouli.
700	1	Step 1	Place the lemon juice, oil, garlic, mixed herbs, salt and pepper in a large nonmetallic bowl and mix until well combined. Add the lamb and stir to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 25 minutes to marinate.
700	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, toss the eggplant, zucchini and capsicum in a little oil, salt and pepper and cook on a stovetop grill or barbecue for 8-10 minutes or until tender (note: times for each vegetable will differ - the eggplant will take the longest). Remove and set aside.
700	3	Step 3	Drain the lamb and cook for 4-5 minutes on each side or until cooked to your liking. Remove from grill, cover in foil and set aside to rest.
700	4	Step 4	Place the couscous in a heatproof bowl and pour over enough boiling water to come up 1cm higher than the level of the couscous. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside for 5 mins or until liquid is absorbed.
700	5	Step 5	Remove the plastic from the couscous and fluff grains with a fork. Stir through the extra oil and lemon juice, then fold through the grilled vegetables and mint. Divide the couscous among serving plates and top with sliced lamb.
701	1	Step 1	Heat 1 tablespoon oil in large saucepan over very high heat. Add the lamb and brown well, breaking up with a wooden spoon. Remove to a sieve set over a bowl and allow to drain.
701	2	Step 2	Return pan to medium heat and add 2 more teaspoons oil, onion, cinnamon, bay leaf and cloves. Cook for 1 minute. Add 2 teaspoons each cumin and coriander, chilli powder, paprika and cardamom. Cook for a further 2 minutes, then and add the garlic and ginger and cook for 2 minutes more.
701	3	Step 3	Return lamb to pan, add 1 cup of water and simmer for about 10 minutes, scraping bottom to let the liquid reduce until resembling a bolognese. Season to taste.
701	4	Step 4	For cabbage slaw: Place remaining oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add remaining cumin, coriander and mustard powder and turmeric and cook for about 1 minute. Add the cabbage and cook, stirring, for about 4-5 minutes until slightly wilted. Remove from heat and add 1/4 cup yogurt and 2 teaspoon lemon juice.
701	5	Step 5	For cucumber raita: Combine cucumber, remaining 1/2 cup yogurt, 1/2 tablespoon lemon juice and dill. Season to taste.
701	6	Step 6	To serve: Heat naan according to directions and top with lamb curry, a little slaw and raita on the side.
702	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a large non-stick frying pan over medium-low heat. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes or until golden. Increase heat to medium-high. Add the lamb and cook, stirring, for 2-3 minutes or until browned.
702	2	Step 2	Add the curry paste and stir to coat. Add the water and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and cook, covered, for 10 minutes.
702	3	Step 3	Add the sweet potato and cook, covered, for 15 minutes or until tender. Add the tomato and spinach, and cook for 3 minutes or until the spinach wilts.
702	4	Step 4	Top the curry with coriander and serve with rice.
703	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a deep frying pan over a medium-high heat. Season the lamb with salt and pepper. In batches, cook the lamb for 1 minute each side or until golden. Set aside.
703	2	Step 2	Add the onion and garlic to the pan and cook for 3-4 minutes or until golden. Add the turmeric, cumin, curry powder and ginger and cook, stirring for 30 seconds until aromatic. Return the lamb to the pan along with the tomatoes and 1 cup (250ml) of water. Reduce the heat to low and simmer very gently for 20-25 minutes or until lamb is tender. Season with salt and pepper.
703	3	Step 3	Combine the banana and lemon juice. Place the coconut on a plate. Toss the banana in the coconut to coat.
703	4	Step 4	Stir the spinach into the curry. Serve with the coconut bananas and brown rice.
704	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Place flour onto a plate and eggs into a dish. Combine breadcrumbs and sesame seeds. Dip cutlets into flour then egg. Coat with breadcrumb mixture, pressing on with your fingers. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
704	2	Step 2	Heat half the butter and half the oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Cook cutlets, 6 at a time, for 4 minutes each side, adding more butter and oil as needed. Keep warm in oven.
704	3	Step 3	Combine gravy mix and water in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, for 4 minutes or until gravy comes to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 5 minutes. Serve cutlets and gravy with fries and salad.
705	1	Step 1	Place 1/4 cup (60ml) oil, vinegar and garlic in a small jug. Whisk to combine and season to taste.
705	2	Step 2	Toss cutlets with remaining oil. Season to taste. Cook on heated grill plate for about 2 minutes on each side, or until cooked to your liking. Set aside to rest for 5 minutes.
705	3	Step 3	Meanwhile toss rocket, capsicum, bocconcini and olives together with dressing. Divide salad between 4 plates and serve with cutlets.
706	1	Step 1	Brush the lamb cutlets with half the oil and rub with the oregano. Season. Place the cutlets on a plate and set aside until ready to cook.
706	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place the beetroot in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to the boil over medium-high heat. Cook for 20 minutes or until just tender when pierced with a skewer. Drain well. Cut into large wedges. Place in a bowl. Add the remaining oil and toss to coat. Thread onto 2 metal skewers. Preheat a barbecue grillplate on high. Cook for 6-8 minutes each side or until lightly charred. Transfer to a bowl.
706	3	Step 3	Bring a saucepan of lightly salted water to the boil over high heat. Add the beans and cook for 3 minutes or until tender crisp. Drain. Refresh under cold running water. Pat dry with paper towel.
706	4	Step 4	Cook the cutlets and lemon halves on the barbecue for 3 minutes each side or until charred and cooked to your liking. Transfer cutlets to a warm plate and squeeze over the juice from the charred lemons. Set aside to rest for 2-3 minutes.
706	5	Step 5	For the dressing, whisk the oil, vinegar to taste, mustard and sugar together in a small bowl. Season.
706	6	Step 6	Add the beans, spinach, feta and pecans to the beetroot. Pour over the dressing and toss gently to combine. Serve the salad with the lamb cutlets.
707	1	Step 1	Preheat a chargrill or barbecue on high. Cook lamb for 2-3 mins each side, until cooked to your liking.
707	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, combine remaining ingredients in a salad bowl. Serve lamb with bean salad.
708	1	Step 1	Place lamb in a shallow dish and drizzle with 100ml oil. Add the lemon slices, half the mint, and season. Toss to coat, cover and refrigerate for 1 hour.
708	2	Step 2	Whisk remaining oil, vinegar, sugar, mustard, salt and pepper. Toss together beans, berries, feta and remaining mint.
708	3	Step 3	Heat a barbecue or chargrill to high and cook lamb, in batches if necessary, 2-3 minutes each side. Cook lemon slices for 1 minute. Toss salad with dressing and serve with lamb and lemon.
709	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Heat a large flameproof ovenproof dish over medium heat. Spray with olive oil spray to lightly grease. Add the onion and celery and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until the onion softens. Add the garlic and rosemary, and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic.
709	2	Step 2	Stir in the tomato, cannellini beans and sugar. Cover. Bake for 20 minutes or until the tomato softens. Season with pepper.
709	3	Step 3	Heat a non-stick frying pan over high heat. Spray with olive oil spray to lightly grease. Add the lamb. Cook for 2 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil. Set aside for 2 minutes to rest.
709	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, cook the green beans in a steamer over a saucepan of boiling water (make sure the steamer doesn't touch the water), covered, for 3 minutes or until bright green and tender crisp.
709	5	Step 5	Divide the cannellini bean mixture and green beans among serving plates. Top with lamb cutlets to serve.
710	1	Step 1	Combine oil and sauce in a large glass or ceramic dish. Add cutlets. Turn to coat. Refrigerate for 30 minutes if time permits.
710	2	Step 2	Preheat a barbecue plate or chargrill over high heat. Reduce heat to medium. Cook lamb, basting with marinade, for 3 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate. Cover with foil. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
710	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, place broad beans in a heatproof, microwave-safe bowl. Add 1/4 cup cold water. Cover with plastic wrap. Microwave on high (100%) for 4 to 5 minutes or until tender. Drain. Rinse under cold water. Remove and discard skins. Return beans to bowl. Cover. Microwave on high (100%) for 1 minute. Roughly mash. Add sour cream. Season with salt and pepper. Stir to combine.
710	4	Step 4	Serve lamb with mash and wedges.
711	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a deep frypan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and gently cook, stirring, for 2-3 minutes until soft. Add eggplant and rosemary and cook for a further 5 minutes or until lightly browned. Stir in burghul, then pour in consomme. Bring to the boil, then cover and simmer gently for 10 minutes until stock has absorbed and burghul has softened.
711	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat a chargrill or large non-stick frypan over high heat. Season lamb, lightly spray with oil, then cook for 3-4 minutes each side until lamb is cooked but still pink in the centre. Leave lamb to rest while you stir raisins and mint into the burghul and season to taste. Serve lamb on pilaf, garnished with mint leaves.
712	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a large non-stick frying pan over high heat. Cook the eggplant, stirring occasionally, for 8 minutes or until golden. Add onion, celery and garlic. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until soft. Add wine and cook for 2 minutes or until reduced. Add passata and water. Reduce heat to low. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes or until mixture thickens.
712	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place the sultanas in a small bowl. Pour over the vinegar. Set aside for 10 minutes or until soft.
712	3	Step 3	Stir the sultana mixture, capers and sugar into the tomato mixture. Cook for 3 minutes. Stir in the basil.
712	4	Step 4	To make the rosemary potatoes, bring a large saucepan of salted water to the boil over high heat. Cook the potatoes for 10 minutes or until almost cooked. Set aside to cool slightly. Cut into 1.5cm pieces.
712	5	Step 5	Preheat oven to 200ºC. Heat oil in a large baking dish in oven for 3 minutes. Place the potato, in a single layer, in the dish. Add the garlic and rosemary. Cook for 10 minutes or until potato is golden underneath. Turn and cook for 10 minutes or until crisp and golden.
712	6	Step 6	While the potato is cooking, preheat a chargrill on medium-high. Spray lamb with oil. Season with salt and pepper. Cook for 3 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking.
712	7	Step 7	Divide the caponata and potato among serving plates. Top with the lamb and sprinkle with basil leaves.
713	1	Step 1	Brush cutlets with half the oil and toss in combined spices. Arrange on a tray and chill until required. Preheat char-grill on high.
713	2	Step 2	Couscous: Place couscous in a bowl and pour stock over. Cover for 5 mins until stock is absorbed. Fluff with a fork. Season to taste and mix onion through.
713	3	Step 3	Brush vegetables with remaining oil and char-grill 1-2 mins each side. Toss through couscous. Char-grill lamb for 2-3 mins each side and serve with couscous.
714	1	Step 1	Brush cutlets with half the oil and toss in combined spices. Arrange on a tray and chill until required. Preheat char-grill on high.
714	2	Step 2	Place couscous in a bowl and pour stock over. Cover for 5 minutes until stock is absorbed. Fluff with a fork. Season to taste and mix onion through.
714	3	Step 3	Brush vegetables with remaining oil and char-grill 1-2 minutes each side. Toss through couscous. Char-grill lamb for 2-3 minutes each side and serve with couscous.
715	1	Step 1	Cut roots and stems from coriander and wash thoroughly. Reserve half the leaves. Place coriander roots, stems and half the leaves, paprika, cumin, coriander, turmeric, chilli, onion, garlic, lemon juice and oil in a food processor and process until a smooth paste forms. Season with salt and pepper.
715	2	Step 2	Place lamb and 2 tablespoons of the chermoula paste in a large bowl and toss to combine. Set aside for 5 minutes.
715	3	Step 3	Heat a large saucepan over medium heat. Add remaining chermoula. Cook, stirring, for 1-2 minutes or until aromatic. Add rice and stir to combine. Add water and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and cook, covered, for 12 minutes or until rice is tender and liquid absorbed. Add the beans and cover. Set aside for 5 minutes.
715	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, heat a char-grill on high. Add lamb and cook for 2-3 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Remove from heat and cover with foil. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
715	5	Step 5	Add almonds and reserved coriander leaves to the rice. Gently stir with a fork.
715	6	Step 6	Spoon rice among serving plates. Top with lamb. Serve with yoghurt, if desired.
716	1	Step 1	Cut zucchinis into 1.5cm pieces. Peel onion and garlic, then finely chop. Toss zucchinis with oil, spices and 1 teaspoon salt in a bowl until combined.
716	2	Step 2	Heat a heavy-based frying pan over medium heat. Add zucchini mixture and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until it starts to soften. Add onion and garlic, and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes, then add tomato paste and eggplant pickle, and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Drain chickpeas, rinse, then drain again. Add to pan with 250ml (1 cup) water and simmer for 8 minutes or until chickpeas are warmed through.
716	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, heat a large, heavy-based frying pan over high heat. Rub lamb with a little oil and season with salt and pepper. Cook for 1 minute each side for medium or until cooked to your liking.
716	4	Step 4	Scatter coriander over curry and serve with lamb cutlets, extra eggplant pickle, yoghurt and pappadums.
717	1	Step 1	Heat half the oil in a large deep frypan. Cook onion and garlic over medium-low heat for 3-4 minutes until soft. Add chilli, coriander and ginger, and cook for a further minute. Turn heat to medium-high, add chickpeas and 2 tablespoons water and heat through for 1 minute. Add spinach and cook for 1 minute or until just wilted. Cover to keep warm.
717	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat a large chargrill pan over high heat and brush with the remaining oil. Cook the lamb, in batches if necessary, for 2-3 minutes on each side or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a warm plate, cover and rest for 4 minutes, then serve with the warm chickpeas.
718	1	Step 1	To make the salsa, place the olives, combined chilli, oil and lemon juice in a bowl and season with salt and pepper.
718	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, combine the lamb, thyme, garlic and oil in a glass or ceramic dish. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside for 15 minutes to marinate.
718	3	Step 3	Preheat a barbecue or chargrill on high. Season the lamb with salt and pepper. Cook on grill for 2-3 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate. Cover with foil and set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
718	4	Step 4	Divide the rocket among serving plates. Top with lamb and spoon over salsa. Serve with babaghanoush and bread.
719	1	Step 1	To make the chive & pistachio pesto, preheat oven to 180°C. Spread pistachios over a baking tray. Bake in preheated oven for 5 minutes or until toasted.
719	2	Step 2	Place the pistachios, parmesan, chives, green shallot and garlic in the bowl of a food processor and process until finely chopped. With the motor running, gradually add the oil in a thin, steady stream until combined. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
719	3	Step 3	Reserve 80ml (1/3 cup) of the pesto. Combine the remaining pesto and water in a large glass or ceramic bowl. Add the lamb and turn to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 15 minutes to develop the flavours.
719	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, wrap each potato in foil. Place on a baking tray and bake in oven for 25 minutes or until tender.
719	5	Step 5	Heat a barbecue or chargrill on medium-high. Cook the lamb on preheated grill for 2 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
719	6	Step 6	Meanwhile, cook the pancetta on preheated grill for 1 minute each side or until golden brown and crisp. Remove from heat. Break the pancetta into small pieces.
719	7	Step 7	Cut the potatoes in half, but not all the way through. Divide the potatoes and lamb among serving plates. Top the potatoes with a small dollop of sour cream and sprinkle with pancetta. Top lamb cutlets with a dollop of the reserved pesto and serve immediately.
720	1	Step 1	For the pickle, combine all the ingredients in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on high for 1 minute. Stir to dissolve. Set aside.
720	2	Step 2	Heat 2 1/2 tbs coconut oil in a large non-stick frying pan over high heat. Add the onion. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until just soft. Stir in the ginger and garlic for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add the eggplant. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the water and half the chilli pickle. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until eggplant is tender. Stir in the beans for 2-3 minutes or until tender crisp. Remove from heat. Stir through the basil. Season. Transfer to a bowl. Keep warm.
720	3	Step 3	Heat remaining oil in pan over medium-high heat. Season lamb. Cook, turning, for 4 minutes for medium or until cooked to your liking. Arrange eggplant mixture and lamb cutlets on a serving platter. Drizzle over a little of the remaining chilli pickle and top with extra basil leaves. Serve with the remaining pickle.
721	1	Step 1	For the spiced eggplant relish, pour enough oil into a frying pan to reach a depth of 2cm. Heat over high heat. Cook eggplant, in batches, for 2 minutes each side or until golden. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel.
721	2	Step 2	Drain off all but 1 tbs of the oil from the pan. Add the onion and cook over medium-high heat for 5 minutes or until golden. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add the Moroccan seasoning and stir to coat. Add the tomato sauce, vinegar and sugar. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 10 minutes or until mixture thickens. Stir in the eggplant. Set aside to cool to room temperature.
721	3	Step 3	Preheat a chargrill or frying pan over medium heat. Season the lamb and cook for 3 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Serve the lamb with the couscous, eggplant relish and lemon wedges, sprinkled with parsley leaves.
722	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 180°C.
722	2	Step 2	Make a marinade by mixing together 2 teaspoons of the olive oil, the cumin, garlic and half the lemon juice in a small bowl. Brush over cutlets and set aside.
722	3	Step 3	Place pita bread on a baking tray and bake in the oven for 5 minutes or until crisp. Break into pieces.
722	4	Step 4	Heat a chargrill over high heat, add the lamb cutlets and cook, in batches if necessary, for 2 minutes on each side, until browned but still pink in the middle. Set aside.
722	5	Step 5	Place the tomato, cucumber, parsley and pita bread in a large bowl, dress with remaining olive oil and lemon juice. Toss to combine.
722	6	Step 6	Divide the salad between 4 bowls and top each with 2 cutlets.
723	1	Step 1	Using your hand, press cutlets to flatten meat slightly. Top each cutlet with a slice of feta and a sprig of rosemary. Wrap a slice of prosciutto around feta, to enclose.
723	2	Step 2	Preheat barbecue plate or chargrill on medium. Cook cutlets for 2-3 mins each side, for medium-rare, or until cooked to your liking.
723	3	Step 3	Transfer to a platter and drizzle over honey.
724	1	Step 1	Using your hand, press cutlets to flatten meat slightly. Top each cutlet with a slice of fetta and a sprig of rosemary. Wrap a slice of prosciutto around fetta, to enclose.
724	2	Step 2	Preheat barbecue plate or chargrill on medium. Cook cutlets for 2-3 mins each side, for medium-rare, or until cooked to your liking.
724	3	Step 3	Transfer to a platter and drizzle over honey.
725	1	Step 1	To make the fetta, pea & mint dip, process fetta, peas, mint, lemon zest, lemon juice and oil in a food processor until a coarse paste forms. Season.
725	2	Step 2	Heat a barbecue grill or chargrill on medium-high. Season lamb cutlets. Cook for 2-3 mins each side for medium-rare or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil. Set aside for 5 mins to rest.
725	3	Step 3	Spray zucchini with oil. Cook on grill, in batches, for 2 mins each side or until tender. Transfer to a bowl. Add the oil and lemon juice and toss to combine. Season.
725	4	Step 4	Serve cutlets with the dip, zucchini, spinach and bread.
726	1	Step 1	Preheat a barbecue plate or frying pan over medium-high heat. Combine the rosemary, mustard and 1 tablespoon of the oil in a bowl. Add the lamb and turn to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Cook lamb for 2-3 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
726	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cook the beans in a saucepan of salted boiling water for 1 minute or until bright green and tender crisp. Drain.
726	3	Step 3	Heat remaining oil in pan over high heat. Add beans, olives and garlic and cook, stirring, for 2-3 minutes or until heated through. Add the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper.
726	4	Step 4	Divide the lamb and green bean mixture among serving plates. Serve immediately with white bean & feta puree.
727	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan forced. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Place potato in a saucepan. Cover with water. Bring to boil over medium-high heat. Season with salt. Cook for 15 minutes or until almost tender. Add peas. Cook for a further 2 minutes or until tender. Drain. Return to pan. Add shallot and milk. Mash until smooth. Stir through spinach until just wilted. Season. Keep warm.
727	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place tomatoes on prepared tray. Spray with olive oil. Season. Roast for 10 minutes or until just starting to collapse.
727	3	Step 3	For the mint sauce, place mint and sugar in a heatproof bowl. Pour over boiling water. Stir to dissolve sugar. Stir in lemon rind and vinegar. Season.
727	4	Step 4	Heat a large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Spray cutlets with olive oil. Season. Cook in 2 batches, turning, for 3-4 minutes for medium or until cooked to your liking. Rest for 2 minutes. Serve with mash, tomatoes and mint sauce, and sprinkle with mint leaves.
728	1	Step 1	Combine 1 teaspoon salt, garlic, paprika, Greek oregano, lemon rind and 1/2 the juice in a shallow dish. Add lamb and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
728	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 220°C. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Cook haloumi, in 2 batches, for 30 seconds each side or until golden. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in same pan over high heat and cook cutlets, in 2 batches, for 30-45 seconds each side or until browned. Arrange bread, tomatoes, cutlets and haloumi, alternately and slightly overlapping, in a baking dish. Drizzle with remaining oil and lemon juice, scatter with fresh oregano leaves and bake in oven for 10 minutes or until tomato is soft. Serve with lemon wedges.
729	1	Step 1	Combine the lamb, lemon thyme, garlic and 1 tablespoon of the oil in a glass or ceramic bowl. Set aside for 10 minutes to develop the flavours.
729	2	Step 2	Heat a large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the walnuts and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until toasted. Transfer to a large bowl.
729	3	Step 3	Add the lamb cutlets to the pan and cook for 3 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate. Cover with foil and set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
729	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, add the prosciutto to the pan and cook for 1 minute each side or until crisp. Remove from heat. Coarsely chop and add to the bowl with the walnuts. Add the haloumi and asparagus to the pan and cook, turning occasionally, for 5 minutes or until haloumi is golden and asparagus is bright green and tender crisp. Remove from heat.
729	5	Step 5	Add the rocket, haloumi and asparagus to the walnut mixture and gently toss to combine. Place the remaining oil, vinegar and mustard in a screw-top jar and shake until well combined. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Drizzle salad with dressing and gently toss to combine.
729	6	Step 6	Divide the salad among serving plates. Top with lamb and serve immediately.
730	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C.
730	2	Step 2	Peel the potatoes, then grate on the coarse side of the grater. Place potatoes in a clean tea towel and wring well to remove as much moisture as possible. Transfer to a bowl with the horseradish, egg yolks and thyme. Season with salt and pepper and mix to combine. Use 2 tablespoons of the potato mixture to cover the meat of each cutlet, leaving the bone exposed.
730	3	Step 3	Heat the oil in a non-stick frying pan over medium heat and fry the cutlets, in batches, for 2-3 minutes each side until crisp and golden. Transfer to a baking tray and bake for about 5 minutes until cooked through.
730	4	Step 4	Meanwhile make horseradish cream: Combine all ingredients in a bowl.
730	5	Step 5	Sprinkle cutlets with sea salt and serve with horseradish cream and a crisp green salad.
731	1	Step 1	Combine the flour with the spices and season with salt and pepper. Brush the cutlets with extra oil, then coat each one in the flour mixture.
731	2	Step 2	Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large frypan over medium-high heat. Cook the lamb cutlets, in batches, for 1-2 minutes on each side for medium (or until cooked to your liking). Transfer to a plate and cover loosely with foil to keep warm.
731	3	Step 3	Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil in the same frypan over medium heat. Cook the onion for 3-4 minutes until golden. Add the rice and lentils to the pan and stir to combine and heat through. Stir in the parsley.
731	4	Step 4	Divide the rice and lamb cutlets among 4 plates. Serve with tomato chutney if desired.
732	1	Step 1	Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Add garlic and lentils. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 3 to 4 minutes or until lentils are heated through. Remove to a bowl. Add spinach. Crumble over feta. Stir until just combined. Season with salt and pepper. Cover to keep warm.
732	2	Step 2	Add remaining oil to the hot frying pan. Cook cutlets, in batches, for 2 to 3 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Sprinkle the seasoning over both sides of the cutlets.
732	3	Step 3	Spoon lentil salad onto plates. Top with cutlets and serve.
733	1	Step 1	Place 100g watercress in a food processor with the mint, pine nuts, garlic, parmesan and lemon juice and whiz to combine. With the motor running, gradually add olive oil until smooth. Season and set aside.
733	2	Step 2	Cook the lentils in a saucepan of boiling water over medium-high heat for 15 minutes or until tender, then drain.
733	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, preheat a barbecue or chargrill pan to medium-high. Brush zucchini with oil and cook for 1 minute each side or until tender and charred.
733	4	Step 4	Place zucchini in a bowl with lentils, sun-dried tomatoes, feta and remaining 100g watercress. Add half the pesto and toss to combine.
733	5	Step 5	Brush lamb with oil, season and chargrill for 2 minutes each side for medium-rare or until cooked to your liking. Serve cutlets with the lentil salad and remaining pesto.
734	1	Step 1	To make the mint dressing, combine spearmint, oil, vinegar, shallot, garlic and sugar in a screw-top jar and shake until well combined. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Set aside until required.
734	2	Step 2	Preheat a chargrill on high. Add the lamb and cook for 2 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate. Cover with foil and set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
734	3	Step 3	Arrange the spinach, tomato and bocconcini on serving plates. Top with lamb cutlets. Drizzle with mint dressing and serve immediately.
735	1	Step 1	Combine oil and garlic in a large ceramic dish. Add cutlets. Turn to coat. Refrigerate for 30 minutes, if time permits.
735	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cook potatoes in a large saucepan of boiling water for 10 minutes or until just tender. Drain. Cool slightly. Cut in half.
735	3	Step 3	Preheat a barbecue plate or chargrill on medium-high heat. Cook lamb for 3 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate. Cover with foil. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest. Cook potatoes for 6 to 8 minutes or until lightly charred.
735	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, place peas in a microwave-safe dish. Add
735	5	Step 5	tablespoons cold water. Cover with plastic wrap. Microwave on high (100%) for 5 to 6 minutes or until tender. Drain. Return peas to dish. Add sour cream and mint. Season with salt and pepper. Roughly mash. Serve lamb with pea mash and potatoes.
736	1	Step 1	Place lamb into a shallow ceramic dish. Combine oil, lemon rind, lemon juice and garlic in a jug. Whisk to combine. Pour over lamb. Turn to coat. Cover. Refrigerate for 30 minutes, if time permits.
736	2	Step 2	Make minted potato salad: Wash potatoes. Cut into 3cm cubes. Place into a large saucepan. Cover with cold water. Bring to the boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium. Cook for 15 minutes or until just tender. Drain. Set aside to cool slightly.
736	3	Step 3	Mix together onion, yoghurt, sour cream, mint, and salt and pepper in a small bowl. Add to potatoes. Stir gently to combine.
736	4	Step 4	Preheat barbecue plate on high heat until hot. Reduce heat to medium-high. Cook lamb for 3 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Serve lamb with potato salad and green salad leaves.
737	1	Step 1	Make Nam jim: Place chilli, garlic, onion, lime juice, fish sauce, sugar and coriander in a food processor. Process until almost smooth.
737	2	Step 2	Make Coconut rice: Rinse rice under cold water until water runs clear. Drain. Place rice, coconut milk, salt and 1 cup cold water in a heavy-based saucepan over medium heat. Bring to the boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat to low. Simmer, covered, for 20 minutes or until rice is tender. Remove from heat. Stand, covered, for 5 minutes. Fluff rice with a fork. Stir in coriander.
737	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, heat a chargrill pan over medium-high heat. Lightly spray lamb with oil. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cook lamb for 3 to 4 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking.
737	4	Step 4	Serve cutlets with rice, steamed greens and topped with Nam jim.
738	1	Step 1	Preheat a barbecue to medium-high heat. Place lamb in a bowl. Add 1/4 lemon juice, garlic and 1 tablespoon oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper then toss well to combine. In a large bowl, whisk together tomato paste, 2 tablespoons oil and another 1/4 lemon juice. Add eggplant. Season to taste and toss well to combine.
738	2	Step 2	Cook orzo in a large saucepan of boiling salted water for 11 minutes or until al dente. Drain then return to pan. Add herbs, onions, pine nuts, remaining oil and lemon juice. Season to taste and combine well.
738	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, barbecue lamb for 2 1/2 minutes each side for medium-rare, then set aside in a warm place to rest. Barbecue eggplant for 2 minutes each side or until tender. Layer eggplant and orzo among 4 plates. Top with cutlets. Serve with tzatziki.
739	1	Step 1	Combine the oil, coriander and cumin in a bowl. Add lamb and turn to coat. Season. Set aside for 25 minutes to marinate.
739	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, combine saffron and water in a bowl. Set aside for 10 minutes to infuse. Heat extra oil in a non-stick frying pan, with a lid, over medium-high heat. Add onion, garlic and cardamom. Cook, stirring often, for 5 minutes or until onion is soft. Add rice. Stir for 1 minute or until combined. Add saffron mixture and stock. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to low. Cover. Cook for 10 minutes or until stock is nearly absorbed. Stir in cranberries. Set aside, covered, for 5 minutes. Stir in pistachios, mint and parsley. Top with goat's cheese.
739	3	Step 3	Heat a non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook lamb for 2-3 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Serve with pilaf.
740	1	Step 1	To make the pistachio and mint pesto, place the pistachios, parmesan, garlic and mint in the bowl of a food processor and process until finely chopped. With the motor running, gradually add the oil in a thin, steady stream until well combined. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
740	2	Step 2	Place the potatoes in a large saucepan and cover with cold water. Place over high heat and bring to the boil. Cook for 10 minutes or until tender. Refresh under cold running water. Drain well.
740	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, heat a large non-stick frying pan over high heat. Add the lamb and cook for 2-3 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
740	4	Step 4	Place the potato in a large bowl. Add the artichokes, onion, parsley, mint, oil and lemon juice and gently toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
740	5	Step 5	Spoon the artichoke salad among serving plates. Top with lamb and dollop with pesto. Serve immediately.
741	1	Step 1	Place the pistachios, breadcrumbs, lemon rind, garlic, parmesan, basil and 100ml olive oil in a food processor and process to a paste. Season with salt and pepper.
741	2	Step 2	Heat a chargrill to high, brush the cutlets with the remaining oil and chargrill for 1-2 minutes each side. Serve with the pistachio pesto.
742	1	Step 1	Coarsely grate the potatoes. Place in a colander and use your hands to squeeze out as much moisture as possible. Place in a large bowl and add the plain flour and egg. Stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
742	2	Step 2	Heat 60ml (1/4 cup) of the olive oil in a large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Spoon one-quarter of the potato mixture into the pan and flatten with an egg lifter to make a 12cm-diameter disc, about 1cm thick. Repeat with remaining potato mixture to make 3 more rosti patties. Cook for 4 minutes or until golden brown underneath. Turn and cook for a further 3 minutes or until crisp and cooked through.
742	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, heat the remaining olive oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook the lamb cutlets for 2 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Place the potato rosti on serving plates. Top with some baby spinach leaves and the lamb cutlets. Drizzle with mint sauce and serve immediately.
743	1	Step 1	Place the onion in a small bowl and cover with cold water. Set aside for 1 hour to soak. Drain. Place the onion and sumac in a large bowl. Toss to coat.
743	2	Step 2	Combine the garlic, half the oil and half the lemon juice in a small bowl. Peel the carrots lengthways into ribbons. Add the carrot, radish, parsley, mint, sultanas and pine nuts to the onion mixture. Drizzle over the garlic mixture. Gently toss until just combined.
743	3	Step 3	Combine the paprika, cumin and the remaining oil in a small bowl. Brush both sides of the lamb with the paprika mixture. Brush a barbecue grill or chargrill with extra oil to grease. Cook the lamb on grill for 2-3 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate. Cover with foil and set aside for 3 minutes to rest.
743	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, combine the yoghurt, cinnamon and remaining lemon juice in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper.
743	5	Step 5	Divide salad and lamb among serving plates. Serve with the yoghurt mixture.
744	1	Step 1	Cook the risoni in a large saucepan of salted boiling water according to packet instructions. Drain and set aside.
744	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place the oil, vinegar, mustard, salt and pepper in a bowl and whisk until well combined. Set aside.
744	3	Step 3	Heat a barbecue or grill to high. Sprinkle lamb cutlets with salt and pepper and brush with a little oil. Cook for 3 minutes each side or until cooking to your liking. Remove, cover and set aside.
744	4	Step 4	Combine the risoni in a large bowl with the tomato, basil, feta and pine nuts. Drizzle with the dressing and toss gently to combine. To serve, divide risoni among serving plates and top with several cutlets.
745	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Wrap each individual beetroot in foil and place in a roasting pan. Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes. Remove from oven, add the spring onions to the pan and drizzle with the oil. Cook for a further 15 minutes or until the beetroot is tender and the onions are brown. Remove from oven and set aside for 5 minutes to cool.
745	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, to make the caraway dressing, heat a non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Add caraway seeds and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until fragrant. Remove from heat and place in a jug. Add the oil, vinegar, oregano, mustard and garlic and stir to combine. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
745	3	Step 3	Wearing rubber gloves to avoid staining your hands, peel beetroot and cut in half. Place in a bowl. Add spring onions, rocket and half the caraway dressing and gently toss to combine.
745	4	Step 4	Preheat a chargrill over medium-high heat. Brush with oil to lightly grease. Cook cutlets for 2 minutes each side for medium-rare or to your liking.
745	5	Step 5	Divide beetroot salad among serving plates and top with goat's cheese and cutlets. Drizzle with remaining caraway dressing and serve immediately.
746	1	Step 1	Combine the carrot, chickpeas, parsley leaves, radish, raisins and pepper in a bowl. Mix the orange juice and cinnamon together. Add to salad and toss well.
746	2	Step 2	Mix the olive oil, mint and cumin. Brush the cutlets with the mixture.
746	3	Step 3	Cook the cutlets in a frying pan over a medium-high heat for 3 minutes each side . Set aside , covered with foil, for 3 minutes to rest. Serve the cutlets with the carrot salad.
747	1	Step 1	Mix baharat, 1 tablespoon oil and 2 tablespoons vinegar in a bowl, season, then use to coat the lamb. Stand at room temperature for 20 minutes.
747	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, stir quince paste, 1 tablespoon oil and remaining 1/4 cup (60ml) vinegar in a large pan over medium-high heat until the paste melts. Stir in cabbage, cinnamon, 1 teaspoon sea salt flakes and 1/4 cup (60ml) water. Cook, covered, for 10 minutes or until softened. Remove lid and simmer, stirring occasionally, for a further 10 minutes or until most of the liquid has evaporated.
747	3	Step 3	Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a frypan over medium heat. In batches, cook lamb for 2 minutes each side for medium-rare. Rest, loosely covered, for 5 minutes, then serve with cabbage and beans.
748	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 210C/190C fan forced. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Place the parsnips on prepared tray. Drizzle with oil. Sprinkle with the rosemary, cumin and chilli. Season well. Toss to coat. Roast, stirring halfway, for 30 minutes or until browned and tender.
748	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cut two-thirds of the lemon into 4 wedges. Juice the remaining lemon. Process the almonds in a food processor until finely ground. Add the yoghurt, vinegar, water, syrup, lemon rind and juice. Process until smooth. Season.
748	3	Step 3	Heat a non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Spray lamb with oil and season. Cook, turning, for 3 minutes for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate and rest for 3 minutes. Divide sauce, lamb, parsnip and broccolini among plates. Sprinkle with extra cumin. Serve with lemon.
749	1	Step 1	Place potato in a heatproof, microwavesafe bowl. Add 2 tablespoons cold water. Cover with plastic wrap. Microwave on high (100%) for 8 minutes or until tender. Drain.
749	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, combine vinegar and 1 1/2 tablespoons oil in a large bowl. Add tomato, onion, basil and pine nuts. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine.
749	3	Step 3	Heat remaining oil in a large, non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook lamb, in batches, for 3 to 4 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate. Cover with foil.
749	4	Step 4	Add potato to pan. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes each side or until golden. Divide potato between plates. Top with cutlets and tomato mixture. Serve.
750	1	Step 1	Preheat a chargrill on medium-high. Add the lamb and cook, for 3 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
750	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cook the risoni in a medium saucepan of salted boiling water following packet directions or until al dente, adding the zucchini in the last 2 minutes and the spinach in the last 30 seconds of cooking. Drain. Return to pan.
750	3	Step 3	Place tomatoes, ricotta, garlic, oil, lemon juice and capers in the bowl of a food processor and process to combine.
750	4	Step 4	Add the tomato mixture to the risoni mixture and stir to combine. Divide among serving plates. Top with lamb and serve with lemon wedges.
751	1	Step 1	Combine 2 tablespoons oil, garlic and thyme in a shallow ceramic dish. Add lamb and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
751	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 180°C. Heat remaining oil in a large, heavy-based saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and capsicum. Cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 6 minutes or until onion is soft. Increase heat to high and add rice. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until rice is coated in onion mixture.
751	3	Step 3	Stir stock into pan. Pour rice mixture into a 6cm deep 18cm x 28cm (base) ovenproof dish. Cover and bake for 12 minutes. Stir in asparagus and sugar snap peas.
751	4	Step 4	Season lamb with salt and pepper. Place on top of rice. Spoon over marinade. Cover dish and return to oven. Bake for 10 minutes for medium lamb or until cooked to your liking. Serve.
752	1	Step 1	Preheat grill to high. Grill capsicums, skin-side up, for 10 minutes or until charred and blistered. Transfer to a heatproof bowl, cover with plastic wrap and set aside for 5 minutes. Once cooled, peel and discard skins and finely chop flesh. Place in a large bowl.
752	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add zucchinis and garlic, and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until zucchinis are just tender. Remove from heat. Add to capsicum with olives, capers and thyme. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, then cover.
752	3	Step 3	Place vinegar and sugar in a small frying pan over high heat. Bring to the boil. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 2 minutes or until syrupy and reduced by half.
752	4	Step 4	Heat a chargrill pan over high heat. Season cutlets. Chargrill for 2 minutes each side for medium-rare or until cooked to your liking. Tranfer to a plate and cover with foil. Rest for 5 minutes.
752	5	Step 5	Divide rocket among plates and spoon over some of the capsicum salsa. Top with cutlets, drizzle with vinegar sauce and top with remaining salsa to serve.
753	1	Step 1	Process the carrots in a food processor until finely grated. Whisk the lemon juice and brown sugar together in a glass or ceramic bowl. Season well. Add the carrot and coriander. Toss well to combine. Set aside for 10 minutes to develop the flavours.
753	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, process the ricotta, feta and milk until smooth and combined. Transfer to a bowl. Drizzle with a little oil, if using.
753	3	Step 3	Heat a non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Spray lamb with olive oil. Sprinkle with the sumac and season. Cook, in 2 batches, for 2 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate. Rest for 2 minutes.
753	4	Step 4	Divide the carrot pickle, whipped feta and lamb among plates. Serve with pita.
754	1	Step 1	Blanch green beans in boiling salted water for 3 minutes. Rinse in cold water. Drain.
754	2	Step 2	Heat a large, lightly greased frypan or barbecue on medium-high heat. Season lamb with salt and pepper and cook for 2 minutes each side for medium-rare, or to your liking. Transfer to a plate, cover loosely with foil and rest for 2 minutes.
754	3	Step 3	Use a fork to whisk garlic, lemon juice and oil in a large bowl. Add green beans and remaining ingredients, season, then toss to combine. Serve with the lamb.
755	1	Step 1	Combine garlic, lemon rind, wine, rosemary, oil, salt and pepper in a bowl. Add cutlets and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 10 minutes.
755	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, combine tomatoes, olives and fetta. Drizzle with olive oil and set aside.
755	3	Step 3	Heat a grill or hot plate to medium high heat. Cook the cutlets for 3 minutes on each side or until cooked to your liking.
755	4	Step 4	Serve with tomato salad.
756	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Place tomatoes on a lined baking tray. Drizzle over 1 tablespoon oil. Roast for 10 minutes or until softened slightly.
756	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, to make the mirin glaze, place the kecap manis, mirin seasoning and soy sauce in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Bring to the boil, stirring constantly. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 1 minute.
756	3	Step 3	Cook the asparagus in a saucepan of boiling water for 2-3 minutes or until bright green and tender crisp. Drain. Keep warm.
756	4	Step 4	Heat 1 tablespoon of the remaining oil in a frying pan over high heat. Stir in mushrooms for 2-3 minutes or until soft. Reduce heat to low. Stir in the chilli, sesame seeds and half the mirin glaze. Stir in asparagus for 1 minute or until warmed through.
756	5	Step 5	Heat the remaining oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Season the lamb. Cook, turning, for 2-3 minutes for medium or until cooked to your liking.
756	6	Step 6	Divide mushroom mixture and tomatoes among plates. Top with the lamb. Drizzle over remaining glaze. Top with spring onion.
757	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large deep frying pan over medium-high heat. Add onion and mince. Cook, breaking up mince with a wooden spoon, for 6 to 8 minutes or until browned all over. Add chilli flakes, ginger, garlic, cinnamon and cumin. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until fragrant.
757	2	Step 2	Add paste to mince mixture. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add 1 cup water, tomato puree, beans and lentils. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes or until sauce thickens. Remove from heat.
757	3	Step 3	Remove and discard cinnamon. Stir in yoghurt. Divide dhal among serving bowls. Top with coriander and extra yoghurt. Serve with naan and steamed vegetables.
758	1	Step 1	Combine yoghurt and curry powder in a large bowl. Add lamb and stir to coat, then set aside.
758	2	Step 2	Heat a casserole over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon oil and 20g butter. Once butter is melted, add thickly sliced leek and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until softened and lightly browned. Remove with a slotted spoon.
758	3	Step 3	Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil to casserole. Brown lamb, in 2 batches, for 2 minutes each side. Remove from casserole. Add remaining 20g butter, thinly sliced leeks, ginger, garlic and chillies. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until softened. Add tomatoes, lamb and 250ml (1 cup) water, and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low–medium, cover with a tight-fitting lid and cook for 35 minutes. Add thickly sliced leeks and cook for 10 minutes or until leeks and lamb are tender.
758	4	Step 4	Stir in chopped coriander. Divide lamb dopiaza among bowls and scatter with extra coriander sprigs. Serve with extra yoghurt and naan or steamed rice, if using.
759	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a frying pan over medium-low heat. Cook onion, stirring, for 10 minutes or until golden. Add paprika, garlic and chilli. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add madeira and cook, stirring to dislodge any bits that have cooked onto the base, for 1 minute or until the mixture reduces slightly. Set aside to cool completely.
759	2	Step 2	Process the onion mixture in a food processor until smooth. Transfer to a bowl. Add the lamb, parsley, bay leaves and salt and stir until well combined. Cover and place in the fridge for 4 hours to marinate.
759	3	Step 3	Preheat a barbecue grill or chargrill on medium. Thread the lamb and bay leaves onto skewers. Cook on grill for 10-12 minutes for medium or until cooked to your liking. Serve with mixed salad leaves.
760	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Spray a baking tray with olive oil spray to lightly grease. Cut each pita quarter in half. Spray with olive oil spray and place on the prepared tray. Sprinkle with the paprika. Bake for 8-10 minutes or until crisp.
760	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, season the lamb with salt and pepper. Spray a large non-stick frying pan with olive oil spray to lightly grease. Heat over high heat. Add the lamb and cook for 3 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest. Thickly slice the lamb across the grain.
760	3	Step 3	Place the rocket, tomato, parsley and mint in a large bowl. Add half the tzatziki and toss gently until just combined. Add the lamb and pita, and toss to combine. Divide among serving plates and drizzle over the remaining tzatziki. Season with pepper to serve.
761	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C. Make 2cm deep incisions at regular intervals over the top of the lamb. Insert a slice of garlic into each incision. Place in a large baking dish. Roast for 1 1/2 hours for medium or until cooked to your liking. Set aside, loosely covered with foil, for 10 minutes to rest before carving into thin slices.
761	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place the Lebanese bread on a large baking tray and bake in the oven with the lamb, in batches depending on oven and tray size, for 10 minutes or until crisp and light golden. Set aside to cool. Break into coarse 4-5cm pieces.
761	3	Step 3	Place the bread, lettuce, tomato, cucumber, radish, parsley and mint in a large bowl. Combine the oil, juice and sumac in a small bowl. Add to the salad. Season with salt and pepper. Toss gently to combine.
761	4	Step 4	Divide three-quarters of the salad among serving plates or on a serving platter. Top with the lamb followed by the remaining salad. Sprinkle with the extra sumac.
762	1	Step 1	Place the lamb in a large glass or ceramic dish. Combine the oil, oregano and garlic in a small bowl. Brush the lamb with the garlic mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 30 minutes to develop the flavours.
762	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, to make the tzatziki, use a grater to finely shred the cucumber and place in a colander. Use your hands to squeeze excess liquid from the
762	3	Step 3	cucumber and place in a large glass or ceramic bowl. Add the yoghurt, lemon juice, garlic, mint and dill, and stir until well combined. Taste and season with salt. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge until required.
762	4	Step 4	Place 2 vine leaves, vein side up, overlapping slightly on a clean work surface. Place a lamb fillet on the edge of the vine leaves closest to you and roll up firmly to enclose the lamb. Trim the ends. Cut the fillet into 3cm-long pieces. Secure each piece with a toothpick. Place on a plate. Repeat, in 5 more batches, with the remaining vine leaves, lamb fillets and toothpicks.
762	5	Step 5	Add enough oil to a large frying pan to reach a depth of 2cm and heat over high heat. Add half the lamb and shallow-fry for 3 minutes for medium, or until cooked to your liking and vine leaves are crisp. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel. Repeat with remaining lamb, reheating oil between batches.
762	6	Step 6	Arrange the lamb on a serving platter and serve immediately with the tzatziki.
763	1	Step 1	Brush eggplant with a little oil and season with pepper. Heat a large chargrill pan or large frypan on high heat. Cook eggplant, in batches, for 1-2 minutes each side until slightly charred. Remove and keep warm.
763	2	Step 2	Brush the lamb fillets with the remaining oil and season with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper. Heat the same chargrill or frypan over medium-high heat and cook the lamb in batches, turning, for 6 minutes for medium-rare (or until cooked to your liking). Cover the lamb loosely with foil and leave to rest for 3 minutes.
763	3	Step 3	Roughly chop half the mint leaves and place in a bowl with yoghurt, garlic, lemon juice and capers. Stir to combine, then season to taste with salt and pepper.
763	4	Step 4	Slice lamb and arrange on plates with the eggplant. Drizzle with yoghurt sauce and scatter with remaining mint leaves.
764	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Coarsely chop 3/4 cup mint, then combine with mince, garlic and cumin in a bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
764	2	Step 2	Place filo flat on a work surface. Keep covered with a lightly damp tea towel while working to prevent it drying out. Take 1 sheet of pastry and brush lightly with melted butter. Top with another sheet and brush with butter. Place a 1cm-wide strip of lamb mixture along 1 long side of the pastry. Roll pastry to enclose filling, then, working quickly, coil the length of filo into a snail shape. Place on 1 large (or 2 small) paper-lined oven tray(s), then brush with butter. Repeat with remaining pastry, butter and filling.
764	3	Step 3	Scatter spirals with almonds and sesame seeds, then bake for 30 minutes or until crisp and golden.Meanwhile, combine tomatoes, cucumbers and remaining mint leaves in a bowl. Add oil and lemon juice and season to taste, then toss to combine. Serve warm spirals with tomato and mint salad and lemon wedges.
765	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220C/200C fan-forced.
765	2	Step 2	Make Dough: Combine flour, baking powder, salt and semolina in a bowl. Make a well in the centre. Add oil and 1 cup warm water. Mix to form a sticky dough. Turn out dough onto a floured surface. Knead for 8 minutes or until soft. Divide into 4 equal portions. Roll each portion out to form an oval shape. Place ovals on 2 large baking paper-lined baking trays. Brush with extra oil. Bake for 15 minutes or until golden, swapping trays halfway through cooking.
765	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, cook pine nuts in a large frying pan over medium-high heat for 2 minutes or until browned. Transfer to a heatproof bowl.
765	4	Step 4	Heat oil in pan. Cook onion, stirring, for 5 minutes or until tender. Add mince. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until browned. Add cumin, cinnamon, coriander, garlic and pine nuts. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until fragrant. Remove from heat.
765	5	Step 5	Using a small processor, process beetroot, hummus, lemon juice and 1 tablespoon cold water until smooth and combined.
765	6	Step 6	Spread hot bases with beetroot hummus. Top with mince mixture. Dollop with yoghurt and sprinkle with mint. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with lemon wedges.
766	1	Step 1	Place the flour and salt in a medium bowl; make a well in the centre. Add the water and 1 1/2 tablespoons of oil and stir until combined. Gently knead in the bowl until a soft dough forms. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside for 1 hour to rest.
766	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 230°C. Place a pizza stone or baking tray in the oven to heat.
766	3	Step 3	Heat the remaining oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until onion softens. Add the cumin, coriander, allspice, ginger and turmeric and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add the lamb and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon to break up any lumps, for 5 minutes or until lamb changes colour and is cooked through. Remove from heat. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
766	4	Step 4	Divide the dough into 4 even portions. Roll a dough portion out on a lightly floured surface to a 20cm diameter disc. Repeat with remaining dough portions. Remove the preheated tray from the oven. Place 2 discs on the tray. Spoon the lamb mixture over each flatbread. Sprinkle with pine nuts and feta. Return to oven and bake for 10 minutes or until the bread is golden and crisp. Remove from oven. Repeat with remaining flatbreads, lamb, pine nuts and feta.
766	5	Step 5	Place the flatbreads on serving plates. Drizzle with yoghurt and sprinkle with pomegranate and mint leaves. Serve immediately.
767	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 190°C.
767	2	Step 2	Season lamb fillets with salt and pepper. Wrap each piece of lamb with 3 slices of prosciutto. Heat oil in a frying pan over high heat. Add lamb fillets and seal for 1-2 minutes each side. Transfer lamb to a plate and set aside to cool. Add tomato paste, wine and stock to pan and cook over high heat until reduced by half. Season and set aside.
767	3	Step 3	Cut each sheet of filo in half so that you have 12 sheets. Brush 1 sheet with melted butter, then repeat with two more sheets so you have 3 layers. Place a lamb fillet on the bottom edge of the buttered filo, fold in the ends then roll up to form a parcel.
767	4	Step 4	Place on a greased baking tray. Repeat with the remaining pastry and lamb. Brush each roll well with butter, then sprinkle with parmesan. Bake in the oven for 15 minutes until the pastry is golden.
767	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, place peas in a saucepan of boiling salted water and cook for 5 minutes. Drain and place in a food processor with the cream. Season well with salt and pepper, then process until a smooth puree.
767	6	Step 6	Reheat sauce and slice filo parcels. Divide the pea puree between serving plates, top with a filo parcel and drizzle around with sauce.
768	1	Step 1	Remove leaves from rosemary sprigs, reserving 2 tablespoons leaves. Soak rosemary skewers in cold water for 30 minutes. Drain. Chop reserved leaves.
768	2	Step 2	Cut lamb into 2cm cubes. Thread onto rosemary skewers. Place in a ceramic dish. Whisk rind, honey, garlic, reserved rosemary, 1 tablespoon oil and 1 tablespoon lemon juice in a jug. Pour over kebabs. Turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
768	3	Step 3	Place sweet potato onto a microwave-safe plate. Cover. Microwave on HIGH (100%) for 6 to 8 minutes or until just tender. Drain. Drizzle with remaining oil. Season with salt and pepper.
768	4	Step 4	Preheat barbecue plate on high heat. Reduce to medium. Lightly grease. Cook sweet potato for 2 minutes each side or until golden. Transfer to a plate. Cover with foil. Add kebabs to barbecue and cook for 2 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking.
768	5	Step 5	Place sweet potato onto serving plates. Top with lamb kebabs and serve with rocket and lemon wedges.
769	1	Step 1	Cook cauliflower and potato in saucepan of boiling, salted water for 15 minutes or until tender. Drain. Return to pan over low heat. Toss for 1 minute or until excess liquid has evaporated. Remove from heat. Add milk and butter. Mash. Season with salt and pepper. Cover to keep warm.
769	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, combine lamb, seasoning and oil in a bowl. Thread lamb onto skewers.
769	3	Step 3	Heat a chargrill pan over medium heat. Cook kebabs, in batches, turning for 5 to 6 minutes, for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a large plate. Cover loosely with foil. Rest for 5 minutes.
769	4	Step 4	Place cherry tomatoes in chargrill pan. Cook, turning occasionally, for 2 minutes or until starting to soften.
769	5	Step 5	Make Parsley sauce: Combine all ingredients in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper.
769	6	Step 6	Serve mash, kebabs and tomatoes drizzled with parsley sauce.
770	1	Step 1	Place the lamb fillets, lemon juice, two-thirds of the garlic, dried mint and two tablespoons of the oil in a bowl. Cover and set aside to marinate overnight.
770	2	Step 2	Place the yoghurt, remaining garlic and two tablespoons of fresh mint in a bowl. Set aside.
770	3	Step 3	Place the couscous and remaining olive oil in a bowl. Bring the stock or water to the boil, then pour over the couscous. Add the butter, cover and set aside for 10 minutes. Stir with a fork to separate the grains, then stir through the ras el hanout and remaining fresh mint. Set aside.
770	4	Step 4	Thread the lamb onto skewers, discarding the marinade. Preheat a barbecue or chargrill to high.
770	5	Step 5	Add the lamb skewers and cook for three minutes each side. Set aside for five minutes to rest.
770	6	Step 6	Place the cumin and sesame seeds in a frying pan over medium heat and dry-fry until light golden and fragrant. Combine with the sea salt.
770	7	Step 7	Serve the lamb kebabs with the couscous. Drizzle with the yoghurt, and scatter over the mint leaves and seasoned salt.
771	1	Step 1	Combine the lamb, oregano, garlic, rind, 1 tbs juice and 1 tbs of the oil in a bowl. Season. Toss to coat. Thread lamb and bay leaves onto 8 metal skewers. Set aside to marinate.
771	2	Step 2	Place the potato in a small saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to the boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium. Simmer for 10 minutes or until just tender. Drain. Pat dry with paper towel.
771	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, process the yoghurt and feta in a food processor until almost smooth. Add water and 1 tbs remaining juice. Process until smooth. Season with pepper.
771	4	Step 4	Preheat a chargrill or barbecue on medium-high. Spray lamb with olive oil. Cook, turning, for 5 minutes for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate. Drizzle with 1 tbs remaining juice and rest for 5 minutes.
771	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, heat 2 tbs remaining oil in a large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the potato. Cook, turning, for 5 minutes or until golden. Transfer to a bowl.
771	6	Step 6	Heat remaining oil in pan. Add zucchini. Cook, turning, for 3 minutes or until golden. Transfer to the bowl. Season. Toss to combine. Serve with kebabs. Drizzle with the yoghurt and feta sauce. Sprinkle with oregano.
772	1	Step 1	Place dry spices, ginger, garlic, lemon juice, oil and half the coriander in a small food processor and whiz until a paste. Season, then coat lamb in marinade. Cover and refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight.
772	2	Step 2	For the kisir, place the burghul in a bowl and add enough cold water to cover, then stand for 30 minutes at room temperature until water is absorbed. Place onion in a bowl with lemon juice and soak for 30 minutes. Drain the burghul in a fine sieve pressing down to extract excess water. Place in a serving bowl with onion mixture and remaining ingredients, then season and stir to combine. Set aside.
772	3	Step 3	Soak 8 wooden skewers in cold water. Preheat a chargrill pan or barbecue to medium-high heat. Bring lamb to room temperature.
772	4	Step 4	Thread the lamb onto skewers (or use clean twigs) and cook, turning, for 4-5 minutes for medium-rare or until cooked to your liking. Rest, loosely covered with foil, for 5 minutes.
772	5	Step 5	Place the yoghurt in a serving bowl and swirl through the harissa. Serve the lamb skewers with the flatbreads (see related recipe), kisir, harissa yoghurt and micro coriander.
773	1	Step 1	Place lamb, plum sauce, sesame seeds and 2 tablespoons chives in a glass or ceramic bowl. Toss to coat. Thread lamb onto skewers.
773	2	Step 2	Spray a barbecue plate or chargrill with oil. Heat over medium-high heat. Cook skewers for 2 to 3 minutes each side for medium, or until charred and cooked to your liking.
773	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, combine coleslaw, mayonnaise and lemon juice in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Serve kebabs with coleslaw mixture.
774	1	Step 1	To make labne, combine the yoghurt and salt. Place a sieve, lined with 2 layers of muslin cloth, over a bowl. Spoon in the yoghurt. Place in the fridge overnight to drain.
774	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, process pistachios in a food processor until finely chopped. Transfer to a bowl. Process lamb until minced. Add pistachio, breadcrumbs, egg and cinnamon. Season. Process until combined. Roll tablespoonfuls of mixture into balls to make 16. Place on a lined tray and cover. Place in fridge for 30 minutes to rest.
774	3	Step 3	Combine extra virgin olive oil, juice and mustard in a jug and set aside. Add light olive oil to a wok to come one-third up the side. Heat to 160°C over medium heat. Cook the lamb kefte, in 2 batches, for 6 minutes or until cooked through. Transfer to a tray lined with paper towel.
774	4	Step 4	Tear labne. Arrange labne, watercress, broad beans, mint and kefte on plates. Drizzle with dressing. Season.
775	1	Step 1	Place the burghul in a medium bowl and cover with cold water. Set aside for 10 minutes to soak. Strain though a fine sieve then use your hands to squeeze out any excess water. Place in a large bowl. Add the lamb, onion, parsley and egg and season with salt and pepper.
775	2	Step 2	Roll the lamb mixture into 12 portions. Shape each portion onto the skewers. Heat 2 teaspoons of the oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the kebabs and cook, turning occasionally, for 8 minutes or until kebabs are brown all over and just cooked through. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
775	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, heat the remaining oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add cumin and cinnamon and cook for 30 seconds or until aromatic. Add chicken stock; bring to the boil. Remove from heat and add couscous and apricots. Cover with foil and set aside for 5 minutes. Use a fork to fluff and separate grains. Add pistachios, red onion and coriander and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
775	4	Step 4	Spoon the couscous among serving plates. Top with the kebabs and serve immediately with lemon wedges and yoghurt, if desired.
776	1	Step 1	Place the burghul in a large bowl and cover with cold water. Set aside for 30 minutes to soak.
776	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, combine the lamb, onion, allspice, cumin, cinnamon and pepper in a large bowl. Season well with salt. Transfer one-sixth of the mixture to a small bowl and add the pine nuts. Stir to combine.
776	3	Step 3	Strain the burghul through a fine sieve. Use your hands to squeeze to remove excess water. Add the burghul to the remaining lamb mixture and stir to combine.
776	4	Step 4	Heat a little of the oil in a medium frying pan over high heat. Add the pine nut mixture and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon to break up any lumps, for 5 minutes or until cooked through. Remove from heat and set aside for 10 minutes to cool.
776	5	Step 5	Divide the burghul mixture into 16 even portions. With wet hands, shape a portion into a cup shape. Spoon one-sixteenth of the pine nut mixture into the centre. Shape the burghul mixture around to enclose filling. Shape into an elongated egg shape with pointed ends. Place on a large plate. Repeat with remaining burghul mixture and pine nut mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 30 minutes to rest.
776	6	Step 6	Add enough oil to a large saucepan to reach a depth of 6cm. Heat to 180°C (to test when oil is ready, a cube of bread turns golden brown in 15 seconds). Add one-quarter of the kibbeh to the oil and cook for 5 minutes or until golden brown and cooked through. Use a slotted spoon to transfer to a plate lined with paper towel. Repeat in 3 more batches with remaining kibbeh.
776	7	Step 7	To make the mint and broad bean salad, cook broad beans in a saucepan of boiling water for 1-2 minutes. Refresh under cold running water. Drain well. Place in a large bowl with tomato, onion and mint. Drizzle with oil; gently toss to combine. Sprinkle with sumac.
776	8	Step 8	Divide the broad bean salad among serving plates. Top with kibbeh and serve immediately with yoghurt, if desired.
777	1	Step 1	Line a baking tray with plastic wrap. Combine the lamb, onion, parsley, garlic, cumin, coriander, cinnamon and tomato paste in a large glass bowl. Add the breadcrumbs and egg, and stir until well combined. Season with salt and pepper.
777	2	Step 2	Divide mixture into 16 portions and shape each portion into a 4cm ball. Place on prepared tray. Cover with plastic wrap and place in fridge for 15 minutes to chill.
777	3	Step 3	Place flour on a plate. Roll kofta in flour and shake off excess. Heat half the oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Add half the kofta and cook, turning occasionally, for 8 minutes or until cooked through. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel. Repeat with the remaining oil and kofta, reheating oil between batches.
777	4	Step 4	Arrange on a platter to serve.
778	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 170°C. Line two baking trays with baking paper. Combine muesli and flour in a bowl. Whisk butter, honey and egg together.
778	2	Step 2	Add butter mixture to oats and mix well. Set aside for 15 minutes. Roll spoonfuls of mixture into balls and place on trays, 3cm apart. Flatten.
778	3	Step 3	Bake for 10 mins. Swap trays halfway through. Cool for 10 mins transfer to a wire rack. Repeat with remaining mixture.
779	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Line 2 baking trays with baking paper.
779	2	Step 2	Place muesli, cherries and milk in a large bowl. Stir to combine.
779	3	Step 3	Place tablespoons of mixture, 5cm apart, on prepared trays. Using a small spatula, flatten into 8cm rounds. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until dark golden. Cool on trays.
779	4	Step 4	Place chocolate in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on high (100%) for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds with a metal spoon, or until melted and smooth. Set aside for 2 to 3 minutes or until chocolate cools and thickens.
779	5	Step 5	Using a spatula, spread chocolate over base of florentines. Place, chocolate-side up, on a wire rack. Set aside until chocolate has set. Serve.
780	1	Step 1	Combine rolled oats, nuts, maple syrup and olive oil in a bowl.
780	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 180°C. Line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Spread the oat mixture over the lined tray. Bake, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes or until golden. Set aside to cool.
780	3	Step 3	Add dried fruit.  Stir to combine. Store the muesli in an airtight container in a cool dry place.
781	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 120C or 100C fan. Sift flour and baking powder into a large bowl. Stir in muesli and sugar, and make a well in the centre.
781	2	Step 2	In a jug, whisk eggs, milk, butter and vanilla. Pour into the dry ingredients and stir gently to combine – do not over beat.
781	3	Step 3	Heat a large frying pan over medium-low heat. Wrap a piece of cold butter in a paper towel, and wipe over surface (set aside on a plate to use again). Working in batches (depending on the size of your frying pan), pour 1/3 cupfuls of mixture into the pan, and cook for about 2 1/2 mins, or until bubbles appear on the surface. Turn over and cook a further 1 1/2 mins.
781	4	Step 4	Transfer to an oven proof plate and cover loosely with foil. Place in the oven and keep warm while you cook the rest.
781	5	Step 5	Serve topped with fruit, yoghurt and maple syrup.
782	1	Step 1	For the pears, place all ingredients except the pear in a saucepan with 1 cup (250ml) water. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Add pear, then cover surface with a piece of baking paper and cook for 20 minutes or until tender – this will depend on the ripeness of the fruit. Transfer pear to a heatproof bowl and cook the liquid for a further 10-12 minutes until reduced by half, then pour over the pear. Cool slightly, then cover and chill overnight.
782	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 170°C. Grease a 12-hole muffin pan, then sprinkle with the flaked almonds, pressing to make them stick to the base and sides. Combine the remaining ingredients except sugar, butter, honey and yoghurt in a large bowl and set aside.
782	3	Step 3	Place sugar, butter, honey and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring, for 4-5 minutes until a light caramel. Pour over dry ingredients and stir to combine, then divide mixture among muffin holes and level tops with the back of a spoon. Bake for 15 minutes or until crisp and set, then cool in pan.
782	4	Step 4	Remove the muesli mountains, then serve with pears, syrup and yoghurt.
783	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 250°C. Lightly grease a 19cm square (base) cake pan.
783	2	Step 2	Sift flours and sugar into a large bowl. Add butter. Using fingertips, rub butter into flour until mixture resembles breadcrumbs. Add milk. Using a flat-bladed knife, stir to form a soft dough, adding more milk if necessary. Turn dough onto a lightly-floured surface. Add muesli. Knead gently until dough comes together.
783	3	Step 3	Cut dough in half. Shape 1 half of dough into a 2cm-thick round. Using a 5cm scone cutter or glass, cut rounds from dough. Repeat with dough scraps. Place scones in prepared pan. Repeat with remaining dough and dough scraps.
783	4	Step 4	Bake scones for 12 to 15 minutes or until golden. Serve with butter and honey.
784	1	Step 1	1. Preheat oven to 180°C. Brush a 20 x 30cm (base measurement) lamington pan with melted butter to lightly grease. Line the base and 2 opposite long sides with non-stick baking paper, allowing it to overhang.
784	2	Step 2	Combine the muesli, condensed milk, choc bits and walnuts in a large bowl. Spoon into the prepared pan and smooth the surface.
784	3	Step 3	Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes or until golden brown and set. Set aside for 30 minutes to cool. Cut into rectangles to serve.
785	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Grease and line a 3cm deep, 16cm x 26cm (base) lamington pan. Combine muesli, flour, dried fruit and sugar in a bowl.
785	2	Step 2	Place butter and honey into a small saucepan over low heat. Stir constantly until butter is melted. Cool for 5 minutes. Add butter mixture and eggs to muesli mixture. Stir until well combined.
785	3	Step 3	Spread mixture into prepared lamington pan. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Allow to cool in pan.
785	4	Step 4	Place chocolate (if using) into a small heat-proof bowl over a saucepan of simmering water. Stir with a metal spoon until melted. Spoon chocolate into a small snap-lock bag. Snip corner off bag. Drizzle chocolate over slice. Allow to set before cutting into squares.
786	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 170°C. Line a 20cm (base measurement) square cake pan with non-stick baking paper. Place the butter, sugar and honey in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook, stirring, for 2-3 minutes or until the mixture is smooth and the sugar has dissolved. Set aside to cool slightly.
786	2	Step 2	Combine the pepitas, Weet-bix, sultanas, oats and flour in a large bowl. Add the butter mixture and stir until combined.
786	3	Step 3	Spoon the mixture into the lined pan and use the back of a spoon to smooth the surface. Bake in oven for 25 minutes or until golden. Set aside in the pan for 30 minutes to cool completely. Cut into slices to serve.
787	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Grease a 3cm-deep, 18cm x 28cm (base) slice pan. Line with baking paper, leaving a 2cm overhang on long sides. Combine oats, coconut, cornflakes, apricots, dates, sultanas and cherries in a bowl.
787	2	Step 2	Combine butter, sugar and honey in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until butter has melted and sugar dissolved. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 3 to 4 minutes or until mixture thickens slightly. Add to oat mixture. Stir to combine.
787	3	Step 3	Spread mixture into prepared pan. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until golden. Cool completely in pan. Cover. Refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours or until firm. Serve.
788	1	Step 1	Line a tray with baking paper. Using an ice-cream scoop, scoop vanilla gelato or ice cream onto the prepared tray. Place in freezer for 15 minutes. Meanwhile, process muesli (see related recipe), cinnamon, ginger and sugar in a food processor until it resembles breadcrumbs. Place the ground mixture in a shallow bowl. Remove gelato balls from freezer and roll in the muesli mixture. Divide scoops among bowls, and serve immediately, drizzled with maple syrup.
789	1	Step 1	To make the chilli kale pesto, place the kale, basil, garlic, chilli, lemon zest, lemon juice and oil in a food processor and process until a coarse paste forms. Season.
789	2	Step 2	Heat a large frying pan over medium heat. Lightly spray with oil spray. Add the spinach. Cook, tossing, for 3-4 mins or until spinach just wilts. Remove from heat.
789	3	Step 3	Bring a medium saucepan of water to the boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Add the vinegar to the water. Crack 1 egg into a small cup. Use a spoon to stir the water to make a whirlpool. Carefully pour the egg into the centre of the whirlpool. Cook for 4 mins for a soft yolk or until cooked to your liking. Use a slotted spoon to transfer to a plate. Cover with foil to keep warm. Repeat with remaining eggs.
789	4	Step 4	Divide the muffins among serving plates. Top with wilted spinach and poached eggs. Drizzle with the chilli kale pesto to serve.
790	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180ºC. Bake the breadcrumbs on a baking tray for 5-8 minutes or until lightly toasted. Set aside to cool.
790	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, preheat grill on high. Cook capsicums, skin-side up, under grill for 8-10 minutes or until charred and blistered. Transfer to a sealable plastic bag. Set aside for 10 minutes to stand. Peel and discard the skin.
790	3	Step 3	Process the breadcrumbs, capsicum, chilli, garlic, pomegranate juice, lemon juice and 40g (1/4 cup) of the walnut in a food processor until almost smooth. With the motor running, add the oil in a thin steady stream until smooth. Season with salt. Transfer to a serving bowl. Sprinkle with remaining walnut. Serve with bread.
791	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 180C.
791	2	Step 2	Rub 2 teaspoons oil over the capsicums. Place on a baking tray and roast for 20 minutes or until soft. Turn off the oven and leave for a further 20 minutes until skins are wrinkled.
791	3	Step 3	Place capsicums in a large bowl, cover with plastic wrap, then cool for 10 minutes. Halve, then remove skin and seeds.
791	4	Step 4	Place capsicum, garlic, nuts, molasses, lemon juice, cumin, chilli and 2 tablespoons oil in a food processor and whiz until a coarse puree. Season with salt and pepper, then cover and chill for up to 2 days.
791	5	Step 5	Place the pita bread on a baking tray and lightly brush with the remaining 2 teaspoons oil. Sprinkle with the sumac, then bake for 10 minutes or until crisp. Cool, then break pita into pieces and serve with dip, sprinkled with extra sumac.
792	1	Step 1	Reserve 4 mulberries. Place remaining mulberries, orange rind, lemon juice, sugar and 1 tablespoon water in a heavy-based saucepan. Cook, stirring, over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to low. Cover with a lid and simmer for 3-5 minutes. Uncover and cook for a further 3-5 minutes or until mixture is pulpy.
792	2	Step 2	Transfer mulberry mixture to a food processor and process until smooth. Set aside to cool.
792	3	Step 3	Using an electric mixer, beat cream, mascarpone and liqueur until firm peaks form, then gently fold in cooled mulberry puree. Divide mixture among 4, 1 cup-capacity glasses. Refrigerate for 2 hours or until chilled. Top each fool with a reserved mulberry. Dust with a little icing sugar and serve with crisp biscuits on the side.
793	1	Step 1	Stir the sugar and water in a saucepan over medium heat for 2 minutes or until sugar dissolves. Simmer for 3 minutes to thicken slightly. Add the mulberries and liqueur, if using. Set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly.
793	2	Step 2	Use a stick blender to blend until smooth. Strain through a fine sieve into a jug. Cover. Place in the fridge overnight to chill.
793	3	Step 3	Transfer the mulberry mixture to an ice-cream machine and churn following manufacturer’s instructions until the desired consistency.
794	1	Step 1	For the pastry, combine flours, cinnamon, custard powder and a good pinch of salt in a food processor. Add butter and whiz to fine crumbs. Add egg and 2 tbs chilled water, then whiz until mixture comes together in a smooth ball. Shape into a disc, enclose in plastic wrap and chill for 30 minutes.
794	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, combine wine, sugar, cinnamon, cloves, orange zest, star anise and vanilla in a saucepan over low heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Remove pan from heat and set aside for 15 minutes to infuse. Strain through a sieve (discard solids), return to pan with cherries, then simmer gently over low heat until cherries start to soften. Combine arrowroot with 2 tbs cold water in a small bowl and stir until smooth. Add 1 tbs cherry liquid and stir to combine. Add arrowroot mixture to pan and cook, stirring, for a further 2-3 minutes until mixture thickens. Cool.
794	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 180°C. Grease a 22cm loose-bottomed tart pan.
794	4	Step 4	Divide pastry into 2 equal portions.
794	5	Step 5	Roll out 1 portion on a lightly floured work surface and use to line the base and side of the tart pan, trimming and reserving excess pastry for decorating. Roll out second portion of pastry to a 24cm round. Fill tart base with cooled cherry mixture. Brush edges of pastry with a little cold water. Place second pastry round over the top, trimming excess pastry, then press and crimp edge to seal.
794	6	Step 6	Roll out reserved pastry trimmings and, using a star cookie cutter, cut out star shapes. Brush one side of each with a little cold water, then place, brushed-side down, on top of pie. Dust with extra caster sugar, then bake pie for 35 minutes or until pastry is golden and crisp. Stand for 5 minutes, then serve with ice cream.
795	1	Step 1	Combine the wine, sugar, bay and spices in a pan and stir over low heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to medium and simmer for 15 minutes. Add cherries (if using maraschino cherries, add with the other fruit) and simmer for 5 minutes.
795	2	Step 2	Dissolve arrowroot in a little cold water. Add some hot wine mixture to arrowroot, return to pan and cook for 5 minutes or until slightly reduced. Set aside to cool.
795	3	Step 3	Place remaining fruit in a bowl. Pour over mulled wine and cherries, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours.
795	4	Step 4	For custard, place milk, bay, cardamom and vanilla in a pan over medium heat. Bring just to boiling point, then leave for 15 minutes to infuse. Whisk yolks, sugar and cornfl our. Add strained milk, then stir in a pan over low heat for 5 minutes or until thickened. Serve with mulled fruits.
796	1	Step 1	Place pears in a pan that fits them snugly. Pour over wine, sugar, vanilla, spices and 300ml water, then cover surface closely with a sheet of baking paper. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat, then cook for 10-15 minutes until tender (this will depend on ripeness of pears). Remove pears, then simmer liquid until reduced by half. Pour over pears and allow to steep in liquid until ready to serve (up to 24 hours).
796	2	Step 2	Whisk vinegar, oil and 2-3 tablespoons poaching liquid in a bowl. Season, then set the vinaigrette aside. For roquefort dressing, warm the creme fraiche and half the Roquefort in a small pan over low heat for 2-3 minutes, stirring until smooth.
796	3	Step 3	Toss leaves and walnuts with vinaigrette, then divide among plates. Top with pears, crumble over remaining cheese, then serve warm Roquefort dressing in small jugs or shot glasses to pour at the table.
797	1	Step 1	For the biscuits, sift the flour into a large bowl. Use your fingertips to rub the butter into the flour until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the stilton and parmesan and use a wooden spoon to mix until combined. Use your hands to knead the mixture into a dough. Turn dough onto a lightly floured surface and shape into a 20cm-long log. Enclose in plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 30 minutes to chill.
797	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan forced. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Use a sharp knife to slice the dough into twenty 3mm-thick rounds. Place on tray, allowing room for spreading. Press a walnut into the centre of each biscuit. Bake for 10 minutes or until golden. Cool on tray for 5 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
797	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, peel and slice 1 orange. Juice remaining orange. Place orange juice, orange slices, water, sugar, cloves, cinnamon, allspice and nutmeg in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Bring to the boil, stirring, until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 10 minutes or until aromatic. Stir in the port for 5 minutes or until warmed through (do not boil). Strain through a fine sieve into a heatproof jug. Ladle mulled port into small glasses. Serve with the biscuits.
798	1	Step 1	Place the wine, sugar, brandy, water, orange, lemon, cinnamon, cloves and nutmeg in a large saucepan over low heat. Simmer, stirring occasionally, for 5-10 minutes or until sugar dissolves and mixture is aromatic. Remove from heat.
798	2	Step 2	Strain mulled wine into a large jug. Pour among serving glasses. Decorate with lemon peel and serve immediately.
799	1	Step 1	Heat cloves, cinnamon, sugar, nutmeg, water, orange rind and apple in a large saucepan over medium heat.
799	2	Step 2	Bring to the boil, then reduce heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes.
799	3	Step 3	Add red wine and simmer for another 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Strain and divide among serving glasses. Serve immediately.
800	1	Step 1	Combine 1 cup cold water, sugar, cinnamon, cloves, orange rind and vanilla bean in a medium saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes or until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to medium-high. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 5 minutes or until fragrant.
800	2	Step 2	Add wine. Increase heat to medium-high. Bring to the boil. Remove from heat. Stir in liqueur (if using). Strain into heatproof glasses. Serve.
801	1	Step 1	Place cinnamon sticks, cloves, vanilla bean, orange slices, sugar and wine in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Bring to a simmer. Simmer for 10 minutes or until fragrant and sugar has dissolved. Cover. Set aside for 10 minutes to let flavours develop.
801	2	Step 2	Strain mixture into a heatproof jug. Pour into warmed glasses. Top with halved orange slices. Serve.
802	1	Step 1	Combine the spices, sugar and most of the orange (reserve some slices for serving) with 1 cup of water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a simmer over low heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Simmer for 5 mins.
802	2	Step 2	Add wine and heat gently until hot. Strain the mixture into a warm serving jug and pour into warmed glasses. Top with reserved orange slices.
803	1	Step 1	Combine wine, sugar, cinnamon, star anise and cloves in a large saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 10 minutes or until sugar dissolves and mixture is heated through, adding extra sugar if needed (see Notes).
803	2	Step 2	Add orange to wine mixture. Stand for 2 minutes. Pour among heatproof serving glasses. Serve warm.
804	1	Step 1	Combine cordial and spices in a pan with 1 cup (250ml) water over high heat. Bring to the boil, then reduce heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes or until fragrant. Remove from heat, cover and set aside at room temperature overnight.
804	2	Step 2	The next day, strain into a clean pan with wine and sugar. Place over medium heat, stirring until sugar dissolves.
804	3	Step 3	Serve warm in heatproof glasses with extra cinnamon quills as stirrers.
805	1	Step 1	Place rinds, cinnamon quills, cloves, vanilla pod and seeds and vodka in a bowl. Stand, covered at room temperature for 4 hours or overnight to infuse.
805	2	Step 2	Once citrus mix is ready, soak gelatine in a bowl of cold water for 5 minutes.
805	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, transfer citrus mixture to a pan. Add the port, wine and sugar, then place over low heat and cook, stirring, until sugar dissolves (don't let it boil). Squeeze gelatine to remove any excess water, then add the leaves to the pan and stir to dissolve. Cool slightly.
805	4	Step 4	Strain the mulled wine into a jug, then pour into a 1-litre jelly mould. Cover and chill overnight until set.
805	5	Step 5	When ready to serve, whip cream then fold in ground cinnamon. Unmould the jelly, then serve with cinnamon cream.
806	1	Step 1	Combine wine, sugar, spices and honey in a saucepan over medium heat and bring to the boil. Cook, stirring, for 1-2 minutes until sugar dissolves.
806	2	Step 2	Add pears, topping up pan with extra water to cover. Bring to a simmer, then cover surface with baking paper. Reduce heat to low, then cook for 40 minutes or until pears are tender. Transfer the pears to a plate and set aside.
806	3	Step 3	Increase the heat to medium and cook the syrup for 15 minutes or until reduced.
806	4	Step 4	Serve the pears warm drizzled with syrup and with chunks of brie.
807	1	Step 1	To make the mulled wine sauce, combine wine, caster sugar, redcurrant jelly, spices and zest in a pan over medium-low heat.
807	2	Step 2	Cook, stirring, for 1-2 minutes until sugar dissolves. Cook for a further 15 minutes or until reduced and syrupy. Strain, discarding solids. Set aside to cool.
807	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 180C. Place plums, cut-side up, in a 2L (8-cup) baking dish, then bake for 10 minutes or until softened.
807	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, sift flour and ground cinnamon into a bowl and rub in butter until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs.
807	5	Step 5	Add brown sugar, egg, rosemary and buttermilk, and stir to combine. Set aside.
807	6	Step 6	Remove plums from the oven. Drizzle with 1 cup (250ml) mulled wine sauce, then drop heaped spoonfuls of dough over plums. Scatter with almonds, then bake for 30 minutes or until golden.
807	7	Step 7	Garnish cobbler with extra rosemary sprigs and serve with remaining mulled wine sauce and double-thick cream.
808	1	Step 1	To make the sorbets, cut one orange in half and stud both halves with cloves. Place in a saucepan with cinnamon sticks, wine, mixed spice and sugar. Stir over low heat until sugar dissolves, then cover and cook over very low heat for 10 minutes. Cool, then strain. Juice the remaining orange and stir juice and port or brandy into the mulled wine. Refrigerate for several hours to chill completely.
808	2	Step 2	Pour the mixture into a shallow container and freeze until frozen at the edges. Remove from freezer and beat with an electric beater. Pour back into the container and re-freeze. Repeat 2 or 3 times. (Alternatively use an ice-cream machine following manufacturer's directions.)
808	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 140°C.
808	4	Step 4	While sorbet is freezing, prepare biscuits. Place sugar in a food processor with flour, rice flour and 1 teaspoon salt, add butter and process until just combined. Transfer to a lightly floured work surface and gently press mixture together with your hands to form a ball. Divide into two. Roll each piece out to 1cm-thick. Use a 4cm plain round cutter to cut into rounds, place on a lightly greased baking tray, sprinkle with a little extra sugar, prick biscuits with a fork and press a clove into the centre of each. Cook on lower oven racks for 25 minutes. They should just be lightly coloured when cooked. Cool on a wire rack, then store in an airtight container.
808	5	Step 5	Scoop sorbet into glasses and serve with one or two clove biscuits on the side.
809	1	Step 1	Place all ingredients in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until sugar has dissolved.
809	2	Step 2	Increase heat to high. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer for 25 to 30 minutes or until slightly thickened. Cool.
809	3	Step 3	Strain through a fine sieve into a jug. Discard solids. Refrigerate for 30 minutes or until chilled.
810	1	Step 1	Combine the wine, orange, figs, cinnamon and cloves in a large saucepan over medium heat. Simmer for 3 minutes. Set aside for 10 minutes to infuse. Strain the wine mixture through a sieve into a jug, reserving the figs. Discard the orange, cinnamon and cloves. Coarsely chop the figs.
810	2	Step 2	Divide the fig among heatproof serving glasses and pour over the wine.
811	1	Step 1	Place the wine, lemon and orange rind, spices and 1/4 cup (55g) of the sugar in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Stir to dissolve sugar and simmer gently for 15 minutes. Set aside half the wine.
811	2	Step 2	Soften 2 gelatine leaves in cold water for 5 minutes, squeeze dry and stir into the remaining mulled wine. Cool, then strain and pour mixture into the base of six 200ml dariole moulds.
811	3	Step 3	Cover and chill for 1 hour or until firm.
811	4	Step 4	In a saucepan, heat the creams, remaining 3/4 cup (165g) sugar and vanilla pod and seeds over low heat to just below boiling point. Soften the remaining 4 gelatine leaves in cold water for 5 minutes, then squeeze dry and add to the cream mixture, stirring to combine.
811	5	Step 5	Cool completely, then pour over the mulled wine jelly in the moulds. Cover and chill for 4 hours or overnight.
811	6	Step 6	Meanwhile, reduce the reserved mulled wine over medium-low heat until syrupy, then discard solids and cool.
811	7	Step 7	When ready to serve, run a knife around the edge of the moulds to loosen. Invert onto plates and serve with a little of the mulled wine syrup.
812	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook onion, stirring, for 5 minutes or until softened. Add curry powder. Cook, stirring, for 30 seconds or until fragrant.
812	2	Step 2	Add chicken. Turn to coat. Add stock. Cover. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer, covered, for 30 minutes or until chicken is just cooked through.
812	3	Step 3	Transfer chicken to a bowl. Cool slightly. Using a fork, shred chicken. Return chicken to pan. Add apple, lentils and coconut milk. Bring to a simmer. Simmer, partially covered, for 15 minutes or until lentils are tender. Stir in lemon juice. Season with pepper. Ladle into bowls. Top with coriander. Serve with pappadums.
813	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion. Cook for 5 minutes or until onion has softened. Add curry paste. Cook for 1 minute or until fragrant. Add chicken. Stir to coat. Add zucchini and tomato paste. Cook for 10 minutes or until vegetables are just tender and chicken browned.
813	2	Step 2	Add stock and 6 cups cold water. Bring to the boil. Add rice. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 30 minutes or until rice is tender and chicken cooked through. Serve.
814	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Spray 1 side of each wrap with oil. Sprinkle each with herbs. Season with salt and pepper. Cut each wrap into 16 triangles. Place, in a single layer, on a baking tray
814	2	Step 2	Bake for 4 to 5 minutes or until crisp. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Serve with dips (see related recipes).
815	1	Step 1	Warm the booze and the orange juice on the stove. Pour in the raisins, sultanas, currants and mystery dried fruit. Add in the orange zest.
815	2	Step 2	Warm through and then pour the lot into a plastic or ceramic bowl. Leave them to soak until they plump up and get all squishy – this should take about 30 minutes.
815	3	Step 3	Take the butter and eggs from the fridge to bring them up to room temperature.
815	4	Step 4	Preheat the oven to 150C.
815	5	Step 5	Prepare your cake tin. You will need a 23cm round or a 20cm square tin. Butter all the sides of the cake tin and base. Line the tin base with baking paper. You can line the sides as well if you wish. If you are a devil-maycare risk-taker, don’t.
815	6	Step 6	Now take a 1mlength of string and five sheets of newspaper and place the cake tin in the middle of them. Lift up the newspaper and wrap it tightly around the sides of the tin, securing it with the string. This is to insulate the cake so it cooks evenly. Trim the excessive edges off the paper so just a small collar remains above the top of the tin.
815	7	Step 7	Find a large metal or ceramic mixing bowl. Using a mixer or whisk, cream roomtemperature butter and sugar together. Keep doing this until the result is pale, fluffy and it has increased in volume. Do this for at least five minutes. Now beat in the treacle in a thin dribble.
815	8	Step 8	Using a fork, roughly mix the eggs together so the yolks break and the whites are well marbled. Add some of the egg – about a sixth of the mass – to the mixture. Beat it in so it’s fully incorporated. Now add some more egg. Beat it in properly. And so on. After you’ve added about two-thirds of the eggs, sprinkle and beat in about 1 tablespoon flour.
815	9	Step 9	This should stop the creamed butter and eggs curdling. Now beat in the rest of the eggs in two batches.
815	10	Step 10	Next, grab a sieve and shake the rest of the flour, bicarb, salt and spices into the egg mix and fold it in along with the soaked fruit, cherries and half the almonds. Stir.
815	11	Step 11	Fill the tin with cake mix and smooth out the top. Top with the remaining almonds. Cover the top with foil and pop in the oven for 90 minutes.
815	12	Step 12	Now, turn the temperature down to 140C, remove the foil and cook for a further 90 minutes. Depending on your oven, the cake may now be cooked.
815	13	Step 13	Check it by piercing with a skewer. If the skewer comes out clean it is definitely cooked. If it has a lot of mix stuck to it, it needs another 30 minutes. If it has a little bit of cake on it and you like your fruit cake a little sludgy in the middle, just check the cooking closer to the edge. If it’s set near the edge (skewer comes out clean), take the cake out. Leave to cool in the tin. Remove and wrap in baking paper and a layer of foil.
815	14	Step 14	Store in an airtight cake tin. Avoid cutting it for a week or two so the cake can mature.
816	1	Step 1	Combine all the ingredients, except the icing sugar, in a bowl, stirring well to combine. Cover, then place in the fridge overnight to let the flavours infuse.
816	2	Step 2	The next day, for the pastry, whiz flour, butter and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a food processor until crumbs form. With the motor running, gradually add 80ml-100ml cold water until the dough just comes together. Halve dough and shape into 2 discs. Enclose in plastic wrap and chill for 30 minutes.
816	3	Step 3	Drain the fruit mince, then pulse a few times in a food processor to finely chop.
816	4	Step 4	Preheat oven to 200°C. Roll out 1 pastry disc to 3mm thick. Cut out 24 x 7cm circles, reserving trimmings, then use to line a greased 24-hole mini (1 1/2 tablespoons) muffin pan. Fill each with about 1/2 teaspoon fruit mince.
816	5	Step 5	Roll out remaining pastry disc to 3mm thick. Cut out 24 x 5cm circles, reserving trimmings, then brush the edges with a little water. Press the lids over the filling, wet-side down, gently pressing the edges to seal. Brush liberally with egg wash.
816	6	Step 6	Re-roll pastry trimmings then use a 2cm star-shaped cutter to make 24 stars. Top pies with stars, then brush with egg wash.
816	7	Step 7	Bake for 20-25 minutes until golden brown. Cool, then dust with icing sugar.
817	1	Step 1	Heat a medium heavy sauté pan over medium-high heat. Add the oil and ham hock pieces and cook for about 2 minutes, or until brown and crisp. Add the pumpkin and mushrooms and stir for about 10 minutes, or until the vegetables are caramelised and tender. Stir in 1 tablespoon of the vinegar, the chives and parsley. Remove the pumpkin hash from the heat and set aside in a warm place.
817	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, in a large deep saucepan, combine the remaining 2 tablespoons vinegar and 2 litres of water and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium so that the water is just simmering.
817	3	Step 3	Crack 1 egg into a small bowl and then gently transfer the egg to the simmering water. Repeat with remaining eggs. Allow the eggs to poach for about 3 minutes, or until the whites are set but the yolks are still creamy. Using a slotted spoon, gently remove the eggs from the simmering water and set them on kitchen paper to dry briefly.
817	4	Step 4	In a small saucepan over low heat, whisk the goat cheese and cream constantly for about 2 minutes, or until the mixture is warm and smooth and the cheese has melted. Season lightly with salt.
817	5	Step 5	Divide the pumpkin hash among 4 plates. Place a poached egg alongside the hash. Spoon the goat cheese cream over the eggs and serve.
818	1	Step 1	Place noodles in a heatproof bowl. Cover with boiling water. Drain immediately. Separate noodles with a fork.
818	2	Step 2	Heat a wok over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon oil. Swirl to coat. Add mince. Stir-fry, breaking up mince, for 8 minutes or until browned. Add curry powder. Stir-fry for 1 minute. Transfer to a bowl, draining any excess fat.
818	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, combine stock, soy, vinegar and sugar in a small jug.
818	4	Step 4	Add remaining oil to wok. Swirl to coat. Add onion, carrot and celery. Stir-fry for 3 to 4 minutes or until tender. Add broccoli. Stir-fry for 2 minutes. Add garlic. Stir-fry for 1 minute or until fragrant.
818	5	Step 5	Return mince to wok with corn and stock mixture. Stir-fry for 1 minute or until combined. Add noodles. Toss until heated through. Top with green onion. Serve.
819	1	Step 1	In a large bowl, stir all of the filling ingredients together. Cover and set aside for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavours to develop. Filling will make 24 tablespoons or 1 1/2 cups (480g).
819	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, to make the pastry, blend the flour, icing sugar, and salt in a food processor. Add the butter and pulse until pea-size bits of butter remain. Pulse in 1/4 cup of the water until the mixture just comes together in beads. Add more water by the teaspoon if the dough is too dry. Divide the dough into 3 equal pieces. Flatten each into a disc, wrap separately in plastic wrap, and refrigerate for about 30 minutes, or freeze for up to 1 week.
819	3	Step 3	Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat the oven to 200C (180C fan forced). Lightly oil two 12-hole shallow tart pans.
819	4	Step 4	Roll out 1 dough disc on a lightly floured work surface into a 3mm thickness. Using a round 7cm cutter, cut out 12 rounds (slightly larger than the holes in the tins). Line each hole with a pastry. Repeat with the second pastry disc.
819	5	Step 5	Divide the fruit mince evenly among the pastry cases.
819	6	Step 6	Roll out the remaining pastry, a little thinner than before. Cut out stars, Christmas trees, or other desired shapes to place on top of the pie filling. In a small bowl, whisk together the egg and cream and lightly brush over the pastry tops.
819	7	Step 7	Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the crusts are golden. Transfer the tins to a rack to cool for 5 minutes. Carefully remove the tarts from the tins and cool on the rack. Sift the icing sugar over and serve.
820	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Combine butter and honey in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring until melted. (Alternatively, place in a microwave-safe container and microwave on high for 2 minutes.)
820	2	Step 2	Place flour, cornflakes, coconut, rolled oats and sultanas in a bowl. Pour in honey mixture and stir until just combined.
820	3	Step 3	Sit 12 patty cases in a 12-hole muffin pan. Place a heaped tablespoon of the mixture in each patty case and bake for 10-12 minutes or until golden brown.
821	1	Step 1	Combine the muscatels and rum in a small saucepan over low heat. Bring to a simmer. Remove from heat and transfer to a heatproof bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside for 30 minutes to soak.
821	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 180°C. Spread brioche with butter and marmalade. Arrange one-third of the brioche slices in a 6-cup (1.5L) capacity ovenproof dish. Sprinkle one-third of the muscatel mixture over brioche. Continue layering with remaining brioche and muscatels.
821	3	Step 3	Whisk together the milk, cream, eggs, brown sugar and vanilla in a large bowl until well combined. Pour over the brioche and set aside for 30 minutes to soak.
821	4	Step 4	Place the dish in a large roasting pan. Pour in enough boiling water to come halfway up the side of the dish. Bake in preheated oven for 40 minutes or until just set. Remove from oven.
821	5	Step 5	Place the caster sugar in a medium frying pan over high heat. Cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, for 5 minutes or until sugar melts and caramelises. Drizzle over pudding. Serve immediately or at room temperature.
822	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Arrange the combined mushroom, in a single layer, on the lined tray. Lightly spray with olive oil spray and season with salt and pepper. Bake in oven for 20 minutes or until the mushroom is tender.
822	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cook the asparagus in a medium saucepan of boiling water until bright green and tender crisp. Refresh under cold running water. Drain. Whisk together the vinegar, oil, garlic and sugar in a small bowl.
822	3	Step 3	Place the asparagus, onion and rocket in a large bowl. Add the mushroom and vinegar mixture and gently toss until just combined. Taste and season with pepper. Divide the salad among serving bowls and sprinkle with chives. Serve immediately.
823	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Brush four round 10cm (base measurement) ovenproof pie dishes with oil to lightly grease.
823	2	Step 2	Cut the pastry sheets in half. Place in a stack and cut in half again to make 32 squares. Place 4 squares of pastry in the base of a prepared dish, allowing the corners to extend over the edge of the dish. Place another four pastry squares on top, rotating them slightly to cover the sides of the dish. Brush lightly with oil and repeat with the remaining pastry squares and pie dishes. Place on an oven tray and cook in preheated oven for 15 minutes or until golden and crisp. Remove from oven and set aside.
823	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, heat a large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the bacon and cook for 5 minutes or until brown and crisp (see microwave tip). Drain on paper towel. Coarsely chop.
823	4	Step 4	While the bacon is cooking, heat the butter in a large frying pan over medium heat until foaming. Add the onion and garlic and cook for 2 minutes or until onion is soft. Add mushrooms and cook, tossing occasionally, for 5 minutes or until tender. Remove from heat and stir in the chopped bacon and chives. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
823	5	Step 5	Combine the sour cream and horseradish in a small bowl. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Place the pastry cases on serving plates, spoon in the mushroom mixture and top with a dollop of horseradish cream. Serve with baby rocket leaves.
824	1	Step 1	Heat 2 teaspoons of oil in a large saucepan over a medium heat. Cut any large mushrooms in half and put the cup, Swiss brown and shiitake mushrooms in the pan. Cook for 4 minutes, stirring gently. Add the oyster mushrooms in the last 2 minutes. Remove and set aside.
824	2	Step 2	Heat the beef stock and 1 1/2 cups water in a saucepan over a medium heat.
824	3	Step 3	Heat the remaining oil and butter in the large saucepan. Add the onion and garlic. Cook for 3 minutes or until soft. Add the rice and stir until well coated in the oil.
824	4	Step 4	Add 1 cup of the hot stock and cook, stirring often, until the stock is absorbed. Continue adding the stock 1 cup at a time, stirring until the stock is absorbed and the rice is just tender.
824	5	Step 5	Stir the mushrooms and baby bok choy leaves through the risotto with the last cup of stock. Season to taste. Divide among serving dishes. Serve immediately.
825	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Heat the oil in a large non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Add the mushroom and cook, stirring occasionally, for 3-4 minutes or until tender. Spoon mushroom evenly among four 125ml (1/2-cup) capacity ovenproof ramekins. Pour egg over the mushroom. Place 1 teaspoon of cream cheese in the centre of each ramekin and garnish with 3 parsley leaves.
825	2	Step 2	Bake in preheated oven for 8-10 minutes or until the egg is just set. Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately.
826	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 180°C and lightly grease a baking tray.
826	2	Step 2	Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a frypan, add the onion and cook over low heat for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until softened and beginning to caramelise. Add the balsamic vinegar and cook for a further 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.
826	3	Step 3	Place the mushrooms upside-down on the baking tray, drizzle with the remaining olive oil and place in the oven for 10 minutes, until almost cooked through.
826	4	Step 4	Stir the sundried tomatoes into the onion mixture along with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Spoon the mixture into the mushroom cups, cover with slices of goats' cheese and top with prosciutto. Return to the oven and bake for a further 10 minutes until the cheese is tinged golden.
826	5	Step 5	Split the woodfired rolls in half and arrange some rocket leaves on the base of each one. Place a mushroom on top and drizzle with extra virgin olive oil to serve.
827	1	Step 1	Place a large saucepan over medium – high heat, add 20g/1 tablespoon of butter then onion, cook for 2 minutes then add garlic and sage leaves cook for a further minute. Increase heat to high then add red wine, allow wine to reduce to almost no liquid.
827	2	Step 2	Add remaining butter then add mushrooms, thyme and cook for a further 5-10 minutes. Add carrots and stock, reduce heat to a medium simmer and allow mixture to cook for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
827	3	Step 3	Preheat fan-forced oven to 200 degrees. Remove puff pastry from freezer to thaw about 15 minutes prior to baking.
827	4	Step 4	Mix the corn flour together with a few tablespoons of water until there are no lumps of flour. Add this to the mixture together with the lentils. Stir well and season with salt and pepper.
827	5	Step 5	Divide mixture between 1-cup capacity ovenproof ramekins. Cut out a circle of pastry for each ramekin ensuring that the circle is slightly larger than the rim of your ramekin. Dip a pastry brush into the egg and brush each ramekin rim with egg wash. Carefully place the pastry on top of the ramekin to create a lid, pinch the edges with your fingers and brush egg wash all over the pastry to secure it.
827	6	Step 6	Place ramekins in oven and bake for around 20 – 25 minutes. Remove from oven and serve pot pies warm.
828	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220°C. Brush a 9 x 19cm (base measurement) non-stick loaf pan with oil to lightly grease.
828	2	Step 2	Heat the oil in a large non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and garlic and cook, stirring, for 2-3 minutes or until just tender. Remove from heat.
828	3	Step 3	Place nutmeat and eggs in the bowl of a food processor and process until well combined. Transfer to a bowl with mushroom mixture, breadcrumbs and parsley, and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Press nutmeat mixture into prepared pan. Cover with foil and place in a roasting pan. Pour enough boiling water into the roasting pan to reach two-thirds of the way up the sides of the loaf pan. Bake in preheated oven for 10 minutes. Remove foil. Bake for a further 10 minutes or until set.
828	4	Step 4	Turn nutmeat loaf onto a chopping board and cut into 8 slices. Divide peas among serving plates. Top with nutmeat loaf and a dollop of tomato chutney. Serve immediately.
829	1	Step 1	To make the stuffing, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large frypan over medium heat. Add mushroom and a pinch of salt, then cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until pale golden. Remove from pan and allow to cool.
829	2	Step 2	Heat another 1 tablespoon olive oil in the pan over medium heat. Add the onion and one-third of the garlic, and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until soft. Increase heat to medium-high. Add sausage meat, sage and 2 tablespoons parsley, then cook, breaking up the sausage meat with a wooden spoon, for 4-5 minutes until the meat is lightly browned. Cool for 5 minutes, then add to the mushroom with the nuts and breadcrumbs. Combine well and season.
829	3	Step 3	Preheat the oven to 200°C. Place the spatchcocks in a roasting pan, then spoon in the stuffing and tie legs with kitchen string to enclose. Drizzle with oil and rub into the skin, then sprinkle with thyme and season with salt. Roast for 50-60 minutes until golden and cooked through – the juices will run clear when the thigh is pierced with a skewer.
829	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, place potato in a saucepan of cold, salted water. Bring to the boil, then reduce heat to medium-low and cook for 5 minutes or until par-boiled. Drain, then cool and halve. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large frypan over medium heat. Add the remaining garlic and cook, stirring, for 30 seconds or until fragrant. Add potato and cook, tossing occasionally, for 10 minutes or until golden. Transfer to a bowl. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon parsley, then season and toss to combine. Keep warm.
829	5	Step 5	Heat truffle oil in a clean frypan over low heat. Add eschalot and stir for 2-3 minutes until soft. Add stock and cook for 5-6 minutes until slightly reduced, then stir in cream and thyme. Cook for a further 3-4 minutes or until slightly thickened. Season and add more truffle oil to taste, if necessary.
829	6	Step 6	Serve the spatchcocks with the truffle cream sauce and garlic potatoes.
830	1	Step 1	Combine the sour cream, mustard and water in a small bowl. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
830	2	Step 2	Heat 2 teaspoons of oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring often, for 6 minutes or until soft and golden. Transfer to a baking tray. Cover with foil to keep warm.
830	3	Step 3	Brush both sides of the beef with some of the remaining oil. Season with salt and pepper. Add to the pan. Cook for 2 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to the tray with the onion. Cover with foil.
830	4	Step 4	Heat the remaining oil in the pan over medium-high heat. Add the mushroom. Cook, stirring often, for 3 minutes or until soft and slightly golden.
830	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, toast the bread until golden. Rub 1 side of each slice lightly with the cut side of the garlic clove.
830	6	Step 6	Divide half the bread, garlic-side up, among serving plates. Top with the beef, onion, mushroom, sour cream mixture, watercress sprigs and remaining bread. Serve with chips.
831	1	Step 1	Preheat the grill to high.
831	2	Step 2	Melt 20g of the butter in a non-stick frypan over medium heat. Add the sliced mushrooms and tomato wedges, and cook, stirring, for 3-4 minutes until tomato is just softened.
831	3	Step 3	Lightly beat eggs with 1 tablespoon water in a large bowl. Stir in cheese, parsley, and the mushroom and tomato mixture. Season with salt and pepper.
831	4	Step 4	Melt remaining butter in the frypan over medium-low heat. Add the egg mixture, stir briefly, then cook for 5-6 minutes until golden underneath and nearly set. Place pan under hot grill for 3-4 minutes or until just set and top is golden. Slide onto a board, cut in half.
832	1	Step 1	Line a baking tray with baking paper. Heat 2 teaspoons oil in saucepan over medium-high heat. Cook onion and garlic for 4 minutes or until softened. Add bacon and mushroom. Cook, stirring, for 4 to 5 minutes or until mushroom has softened. Add rice. Stir to coat. Add 1 cup cold water. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes or until rice has absorbed liquid. Add 3/4 cup cold water. Cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until rice is tender. Remove from heat.
832	2	Step 2	Stir in cheese. Spread rice mixture on prepared tray. Refrigerate for 1 hour or until cool enough to handle.
832	3	Step 3	Using 1/4 cup rice mixture per ball, roll into 8 balls. Flatten slightly. Place on a plate. Place egg into a shallow bowl. Place polenta on a plate. Dip 1 risotto patty into egg, then polenta. Place on a plate. Repeat with remaining patties.
832	4	Step 4	Heat remaining oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook patties for 3 to 4 minutes on each side or until browned and crisp. Set aside to cool. Divide patties between 4 microwave-safe containers. Place salad leaves in 4 snaplock bags. Refrigerate.
833	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Heat olive oil in a large frypan over moderately high heat. Saute onion and garlic for 2 minutes or until soft. Add mushrooms and broccollini and toss over a high heat for 3 mins or until just beginning to soften. Remove from heat and transfer into a 26 x 3cm quiche dish.
833	2	Step 2	Whisk eggs and egg whites together in a jug and season with salt and pepper. Stir through grated cheddar and pour evenly over mushrooms and broccollini. Sprinkle with parmesan and bake for 30 minutes or until puffed and golden. Serve with salad leaves.
834	1	Step 1	Melt the butter and oil in a large non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Add the onions and capers, and cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until the onions are soft. Add the mushrooms and cook, uncovered, stirring, for 3 minutes or until the mushrooms are tender. Stir in the parsley.
834	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cook the pasta in a large saucepan of salted boiling water following packet directions or until al dente. Drain, reserving 80ml (1/3 cup) of the liquid. Return the pasta to the pan with mushroom mixture, reserved liquid and half the parmesan. Toss to combine and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with the remaining parmesan and serve with crusty bread.
835	1	Step 1	Preheat a sandwich press.
835	2	Step 2	Place 2 slices bread on a board. Top with spinach, mushrooms, chutney and cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Sandwich together with remaining bread. Lightly spray both sides sandwiches with oil. Place in sandwich press. Cook for 4 to 5 minutes or until golden. Serve with chips.
836	1	Step 1	Sprinkle eggplant with salt and set aside for 10 mins. Rinse well. Place in a steamer set over simmering water and steam for 10 mins until tender. Set aside.
836	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a frying pan on medium. Saute onion, capsicum, garlic, chilli, cumin and paprika for 4-5 mins until onion is tender. Add mushroom and eggplant and saute for a further 8-10 mins.
836	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, blend water, tahini and lemon together until smooth. Blend into vegetables with dill and season to taste. Sprinkle with parsley and serve with rice or quinoa and steamed spinach.
837	1	Step 1	Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a small frying pan over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 2 to 3 minutes or until just tender. Add lemon rind and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
837	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, lightly grill or toast both sides of focaccia. Combine remaining oil and garlic. Brush over focaccia bases. Top with salad leaves, mushrooms, feta and focaccia tops. Serve.
838	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a small frypan over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and cook for 3 minutes until they begin to soften. Add haloumi cheese and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until just tender. Stir in fresh thyme and balsamic vinegar.
838	2	Step 2	Toast bread on both sides. Rub one side of each with a cut garlic clove.
838	3	Step 3	Top bread slices with mushroom mixture. Drizzle lightly with extra virgin olive oil. Season with freshly ground black pepper and serve.
839	1	Step 1	Cook the pasta in a saucepan of boiling water according to packet instructions or until al dente.
839	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat the oil in a frying pan over a medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms and cook for 4-5 minutes or until golden. In a jug, whisk together the cream and eggs until well combined.
839	3	Step 3	Drain the pasta and quickly return to the pan. While the pasta is hot toss through the egg mixture, mushrooms, ham, parmesan and parsley until well combined. Season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately.
840	1	Step 1	Cook the pasta in a large saucepan of salted boiling water following packet directions. Drain and return to the pan.
840	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook mushroom, stirring, for 5 minutes or until soft. Add cream, lemon rind and lemon juice, and simmer for 3 minutes or until sauce thickens slightly.
840	3	Step 3	Add sauce to the pasta. Season with salt and pepper and toss to combine.
841	1	Step 1	Process onion, carrot, celery and garlic in a food processor until finely chopped (but not a paste). Heat 1 1⁄2 tbs of the oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add onion mixture and bay leaves. Season. Cook, stirring, for 6 minutes or until soft. Transfer to a bowl.
841	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, process mushrooms in food processor until finely chopped (but not a paste). Heat remaining oil in pan over high heat. Cook mushrooms, stirring, for 3 minutes or until soft.
841	3	Step 3	Stir onion mixture and lentils into mushroom. Stir in tomato, stock and pasta sauce. Reduce heat to low. Cook, covered, stirring occasionally, for 45 minutes or until lentils are tender. Season.
841	4	Step 4	While the lentils are cooking, cook pasta in a large saucepan of boiling salted water until al dente. Drain.
841	5	Step 5	Top spaghetti with bolognaise and sprinkle with pecorino and parsley.
842	1	Step 1	Kids' task: Combine lentils, garlic, mushroom, breadcrumbs, egg and egg whites in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Divide mushroom mixture into 4 equal portions. Use your hands to shape each portion into an 8cm patty. Set aside.
842	2	Step 2	Heat 2 teaspoons of the oil in a large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, for 8 minutes or until brown. Transfer to a heatproof bowl and cover with foil to keep warm.
842	3	Step 3	Heat the remaining oil in the same pan over medium-high heat. Add the patties and cook for 5 minutes each side or until brown and cooked through.
842	4	Step 4	Place bottom halves of rolls on serving plates. Top with salad, patties, onion and remaining bread. Serve immediately.
843	1	Step 1	Melt 20g butter in a 19cm (base) non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Add mushrooms. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until just tender. Add garlic, tarragon, parsley and lemon rind. Cook for 1 minute or until fragrant. Transfer to a bowl. Cover to keep warm. Wipe pan clean.
843	2	Step 2	Whisk eggs in a bowl. Melt half the remaining butter in pan over medium-high heat until hot. Reduce heat to medium-low. Add half the egg, tilting pan so egg covers base. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until egg is set and underside golden.
843	3	Step 3	Sprinkle half the ricotta over half of the omelette. Using a slotted spoon, spoon half the mushroom mixture over ricotta. Season with salt and pepper. Fold omelette over filling. Slide omelette onto a plate. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Serve.
844	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220°C. Combine flour, yeast, sugar and salt in a medium bowl. Combine water and 2 tablespoons of the oil in a jug. Add to flour mixture and stir to combine. Turn dough out on to a lightly floured work surface and knead for 5 minutes until smooth and elastic. Place dough in a clean, lightly greased bowl, cover with a damp tea towel and set aside to rest in a warm draught-free place for 40 minutes or until doubled in size.
844	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place wine in a small saucepan over medium heat and bring to the boil. Add onion and cook for 5 minutes or until onion softens. Remove from heat and set aside to cool. Drain and discard wine.
844	3	Step 3	Turn dough out on to a lightly floured work surface and knead for 1 minute or until knocked back. Use a rolling pin to roll dough to form a 4mm-thick uneven rectangular shape. Transfer flatbread to an oven tray lined with baking paper.
844	4	Step 4	Arrange sopressa and mushrooms evenly on dough, then scatter onion, cheese and oregano. Drizzle remaining oil. Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes or until golden. Scatter with rocket. Serve.
845	1	Step 1	Cook spaghetti in a large saucepan of boiling, salted water, following packet directions, until tender.
845	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and pancetta. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 6 minutes or until pancetta is crisp.
845	3	Step 3	Drain spaghetti and return to saucepan. Whisk eggs in a jug with a fork until well combined. Add eggs, mushroom mixture and parsley to spaghetti. Toss until well combined.
845	4	Step 4	Return pan to medium heat. Toss pasta for 1 minute or until egg begins to set. Remove from heat. Add parmesan. Season with salt and pepper. Serve.
846	1	Step 1	Make pizza dough. Preheat oven to 220°C/200°C fan-forced. Roll dough into two 25cm circles. Place on prepared trays. Brush with 1 tablespoon oil. Sprinkle with pizza cheese. Bake for 10 minutes or until cheese has melted and base is crisp.
846	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat remaining oil in a frying pan over high heat. Add mushrooms. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until golden. Remove pizza from oven. Top with mushroom mixture, rocket and parmesan. Serve.
847	1	Step 1	Place nuts into a non-stick frying pan. Cook over medium heat, stirring, for 3 minutes or until golden. Transfer to a plate.
847	2	Step 2	Add oil, vinegar and mustard to frying pan. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring, for 2 minutes or until bubbling. Add mushrooms. Toss over high heat to coat with oil mixture. Remove to a bowl.
847	3	Step 3	Add nuts and chives to mushrooms. Toss to combine. Arrange salad, mush-rooms and parmesan on plates. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with bread.
848	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Place porcini mushrooms in a bowl with 1 cup (250ml) hot water, then set aside for 10 minutes.
848	2	Step 2	Heat 1 tbs oil and half the butter in a frypan over medium-high heat. Add half the Swiss brown mushrooms, season and cook for 3-4 minutes until browned, then remove and set aside. Repeat with remaining butter, mushrooms and 1 tbs oil.
848	3	Step 3	Heat another 1 tbs oil in the pan and cook the bacon for 3-4 minutes until crisp, then add leek and garlic, and cook for a further 2-3 minutes until softened. Add tomatoes and cook for a further 7 minutes or until reduced. Add stock, potato, Swiss brown mushrooms and porcini mushrooms and soaking liquid. Simmer for 10 minutes or until tender. Season to taste.
848	4	Step 4	Drizzle bread with remaining 1/4 cup (60ml) olive oil. Scatter with dill and season with salt. Place on a baking tray and bake for 10 minutes or until golden.
848	5	Step 5	For pickle, combine cucumber, vinegar, sugar and 1/2 tsp salt. Stand for 5 minutes.
848	6	Step 6	Serve soup with pickle and croutons.
849	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200C and grease pan. Cut 1 pastry sheet in half, place halves on either side of remaining sheet and press to join. Roll joined pastry between two sheets of baking paper until large enough to fit pan. Press into pan and trim edges. Freeze for 15 minutes.
849	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat oil and butter in a large frying pan over high heat. Add onion and garlic, and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until softened. Add mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until browned. Stir in parsley.
849	3	Step 3	Line pastry shell with baking paper and fill with dried beans or rice. Bake for 12 minutes, then remove paper and beans. Brush with eggwash and bake for a further 5 minutes or until dry.
849	4	Step 4	Drain mushrooms, spoon into pastry shell and scatter over parmesan. Whisk cream and eggs in a jug and season with salt and pepper. Pour cream mixture into pastry shell, then crumble in ricotta.
849	5	Step 5	Place pan on an oven tray and bake for 20 minutes or until filling is light golden and just set. Stand for 10 minutes, then cut into wedges and serve with watercress and pear salad, if using.
850	1	Step 1	Place porcini mushrooms in a heatproof bowl. Add water and soak for 10 minutes. Drain, reserving the soaking liquid. Finely chop mushrooms.
850	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place the spinach in a microwave-safe bowl and microwave for 2 minutes or until just wilted. Quarter the flat mushrooms and process in a food processor until coarse and mince-like in consistency.
850	3	Step 3	Heat a large deep frying pan over high heat. Add half of the oil and the Swiss brown mushrooms. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until golden. Transfer to a bowl. Add remaining oil, onion and garlic to pan. Cook, stirring, for 4 minutes or until soft. Add the flat mushroom mixture and porcini mushrooms. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until tender. Add reserved porcini liquid, passata and oregano. Reduce heat to medium. Simmer for 5 minutes. Stir through Swiss brown mushrooms.
850	4	Step 4	Process the ricotta, eggs and half of the parmesan in a food processor until smooth.
850	5	Step 5	Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan forced. Lightly grease a 2L (8-cup capacity) baking dish. Spoon one-third of the mushroom mixture into the dish. Top with one-third of the spinach, followed by one-third of the pasta, breaking to fit, and one-quarter of ricotta mixture. Repeat layers twice. Brush final lasagne layer with water. Top with remaining ricotta mixture. Top with remaining parmesan. Bake for 45 minutes until golden. Meanwhile, place the spinach in a microwave-safe bowl and microwave for 2 minutes or until just wilted. Quarter the flat mushrooms and process in a food processor until coarse and mince-like in consistency.
851	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Bring stock and 2 1/2 cups cold water to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat.
851	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat oil in a flameproof, ovenproof casserole dish over medium heat. Add onion and garlic. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until onion is softened. Add mushrooms. Cook, stirring, for 3 to 5 minutes or until mushrooms are just tender. Add rice. Stir to coat. Add stock mixture. Stir to combine. Cover and bring to the boil. Transfer to oven. Bake for 25 minutes or until rice is tender and nearly all liquid is absorbed.
851	3	Step 3	Remove from oven. Stir through spinach and half the cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Top with remaining cheese. Serve.
852	1	Step 1	Place stock and 1 cup cold water in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook for 6 minutes or until mixture starts to simmer. Reduce heat to low to keep hot.
852	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a large heavy-based saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion and mushrooms. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until onion has softened. Add rice. Cook, stirring, for 1 to 2 minutes or until coated. Add wine. Cook, stirring, for 30 seconds or until wine has absorbed.
852	3	Step 3	Add 1/3 cup stock mixture to rice mixture. Cook, stirring, until stock has absorbed. Repeat with remaining stock mixture, 1/3 cup at a time, until liquid has absorbed and rice is tender.
852	4	Step 4	Remove pan from heat. Stir in spinach, parmesan and butter. Set aside, covered, for 2 minutes. Season. Serve with grated parmesan.
853	1	Step 1	Place dried mushrooms and boiling water in a heatproof bowl. Stand for 10 minutes. Drain, reserving liquid. Coarsely chop mushrooms.
853	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cook pasta in a large saucepan of boiling salted water following packet directions. Drain, return to pan.
853	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, melt 50g butter in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Add flour and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Whisk in milk until smooth. Cook, stirring, over medium heat until mixture boils and thickens. Season.
853	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, heat remaining butter in a large frying pan over high heat. Cook fresh mushrooms and thyme, stirring for 5 minutes or until tender. Add chopped dried mushrooms and toss until heated through.
853	5	Step 5	Add white sauce, mushroom mixture, 2/3 of cheese and about 1/3 cup of drained mushroom liquid to the pasta. Toss over low heat until hot. Spoon into a 5-cup ovenproof dish. Toss bread in oil and sprinkle over pasta. Dot with remaining cheese.
853	6	Step 6	Cook under a preheated grill for 3-4 minutes or until bread is golden and crispy and the cheese has melted. Serve immediately with mixed leaves.
854	1	Step 1	Place half the oil, all the butter, onion and garlic in a medium saucepan. Cook over medium heat for 5 to 8 minutes or until onion is soft. Add mushrooms and cook, stirring, for 5 to 10 minutes.
854	2	Step 2	Add rice and thyme. Cook for 1 minute. Add stock, increase heat to high and bring to the boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat to low, cover and cook, without stirring, for 15 minutes.
854	3	Step 3	Remove from heat. Cool. Place in the fridge until cold.
854	4	Step 4	Add egg and parmesan to rice. Season with salt and pepper. Shape into 12 patties. Lightly coat each with flour.
854	5	Step 5	Heat remaining oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook patties for 2 to 3 minutes per side until golden and heated through. Serve with rocket leaves and lemon wedges.
855	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a non-stick frying pan over medium-low heat. Add onion and mushrooms. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 6 minutes or until tender. Stir in thyme. Transfer to a large bowl. Allow to cool.
855	2	Step 2	Add mince, breadcrumbs and egg to mushroom mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Using clean hands, mix until well combined. Using 1/4 cup mixture at a time, roll mixture into 16 balls. Flatten slightly. Place rissoles on a plate. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes, if time permits.
855	3	Step 3	Preheat a greased barbecue grill and plate on medium-low heat. Spray both sides rissoles with oil. Cook on barbecue plate, turning occasionally, for 12 to 15 minutes or until cooked through.
855	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, lightly spray both sides pumpkin with oil. Cook on barbecue grill for 4 to 5 minutes each side or until tender and chargrilled. Serve rissoles with pumpkin and rocket.
856	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220C or 200C fan-force.
856	2	Step 2	Cut twenty 5cm rounds from pastry (return pastry to freezer if it becomes too soft to handle). Cut 3.5cm rounds from remaining pastry circles. Lightly brush edges with water. Place external rounds on top of pastry circles and place each stack in a 12 whole muffin pan (the muffin pan avoids the pastry tipping over too much). Use the pastry off cuts to make cheese puffs (place on another tray lined with baking paper. Brush with lightly beaten egg and sprinkle with grated cheddar and sesame seeds).
856	3	Step 3	Bake vol-au-vent cases for 15 minutes, gently pushing back down centre with the rounded end of a wooden spoon and straightening pastry cases every 5 minutes, or until puffed and golden. Cool in pan.
856	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, heat butter and oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Cook eschalot and thyme, stirring, for 3 minutes or until softened. Add mushrooms and cook, stirring, over medium-high heat for 5 minutes or until golden. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add cream and bring to the boil. Cook for 1-2 minutes or until thickened. Season.
856	5	Step 5	Fill pastry cases with mushroom mixture. Serve topped with thyme sprigs.
857	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Place oats, cheese, egg, soy sauce and dried herbs in a food processor. Process to combine. Add breadcrumbs and walnuts. Process, pulsing, until combined. Transfer mixture to a bowl.
857	2	Step 2	Stir mushrooms and celery into oat mixture. Using 2 tablespoons mixture at a time, shape mixture into 2cm-thick patties.
857	3	Step 3	Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a heavy-based frying pan over medium heat. Cook patties, in batches, for 2 to 3 minutes each side or until golden. Transfer to a 5cm deep, 26cm (base) square baking dish. Cover to keep warm while cooking remaining patties, adding more oil as required.
857	4	Step 4	Pour pasta sauce over patties. Sprinkle with half the oregano. Bake, uncovered, for 30 minutes or until patties are cooked through. Season with salt and pepper and sprinkle with remaining oregano. Serve with salad.
858	1	Step 1	Brush sourdough with a little olive oil. Heat a chargrill to a moderately high heat and toast the bread for 2 mins each side or until toasted and slightly charred.
858	2	Step 2	Heat remaining olive oil in a frypan over a moderate heat. Add garlic and mushrooms and season well with salt and pepper. Cook for 2 mins each side. Remove and drain on paper towel.
858	3	Step 3	Preheat a grill to moderately high. Place toast on a baking tray, top with bocconcini and olives. Grill for 1 min until cheese is soft. Top with capsicum, mushrooms and basil. Serve immediately.
859	1	Step 1	Place mushrooms in a bowl with onion. Whisk 1/2 cup (125ml) olive oil and garlic in a small bowl, then add oregano and season with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper. Add to vegetables, turn to coat, then set aside for 15 minutes.
859	2	Step 2	Preheat barbecue or chargrill pan to medium-high heat. Combine sour cream and mustard, then season. Whisk extra virgin olive oil and lemon juice in a small bowl. Brush bread on both sides with remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, then cook for 1 minute each side or until lightly charred. Rub with garlic and keep warm.
859	3	Step 3	Cook mushrooms and onions for 3-4 minutes until lightly charred.
859	4	Step 4	To serve, divide rocket among plates and drizzle with lemon vinaigrette. Spread sour cream mixture on toasted bread, top with mushrooms and onions, and scatter with extra oregano.
860	1	Step 1	Preheat a barbecue plate and grill on medium-high heat. Spray both sides of mushrooms with oil. Cook on barbecue plate for 3 minutes each side or until tender.
860	2	Step 2	Crack eggs onto barbecue plate. Cook for 2 minutes for soft yolks or until cooked to your liking.
860	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, split Turkish bread pieces lengthways. Spray both sides with oil. Grill for 2 minutes each side or until toasted.
860	4	Step 4	Place toasted bread on plate. Top with rocket, beetroot, pineapple, mushroom, egg and relish. Season with salt and pepper. Top with another piece of toasted bread. Serve with salad.
861	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 160°C.
861	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a saucepan, add onions and cook over low heat for 10-15 minutes or until onions are soft and caramelised. Stir in the semi-dried tomatoes and basil.
861	3	Step 3	Place mushrooms on a lightly greased baking tray and top with onion mixture. Scrunch up prosciutto and place a piece on each mushroom, followed by a slice of cheese. Bake for 15 minutes.
861	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, spread base of rolls with pesto, divide rocket between each and top with the cheesy mushrooms. Serve with oven fries and a green salad, if desired.
862	1	Step 1	Process flour, milk and egg in a food processor until smooth. Pour into a jug. Heat a frying pan over medium heat. Lightly grease with butter.
862	2	Step 2	Pour 1/4 cup of batter into hot pan. Tilt to cover base with mixture. Cook for 2 minutes or until underside is golden. Turn. Cook for 1 minute. Remove to a plate. Repeat with remaining batter.
862	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 200°C. Heat oil in a frying pan over high heat. Add mushrooms. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until liquid has evaporated. Add onions and sauce. Cook for 1 minute. Season.
862	4	Step 4	Spoon mushroom mixture onto crepes. Top each with 1 tablespoon cheese. Roll crepes. Place into an ovenproof dish.
862	5	Step 5	Sprinkle crepes with remaining cheese. Bake for 15 minutes or until hot.
863	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large, non-stick frying pan over high heat. Add mushrooms. Cook, stirring often, for 8 to 10 minutes or until juice evaporates.
863	2	Step 2	Sprinkle flour over mushrooms. Stir to combine. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Slowly stir in stock. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium. Simmer for 1 minute or until sauce thickens slightly.
863	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, cook pasta in a large saucepan of boiling, salted water for 3 to 5 minutes or until tender. Drain.
863	4	Step 4	Return pasta to saucepan over low heat. Add mushroom sauce and parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Top with pecorino and serve.
864	1	Step 1	Position the rack in the centre of the oven and preheat oven to 260C or 240C fan-forced.
864	2	Step 2	Heat a large deep non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the oil, then add the mushrooms and cook for 4 mins, or until the mushrooms begin to soften. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 8 mins, or until the mushrooms are golden brown and tender.
864	3	Step 3	Add the onion and cook for 3 mins, or softened. Add the garlic and thyme and cook for 2 mins, or until fragrant. Stir in the vinegar and cook for 30 secs, or until vinegar evaporates. Reduce the heat to medium. Stir in cream and butter and cook until the cream simmers. Remove pan from heat and season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to a 20cm x 20cm baking dish.
864	4	Step 4	In a medium bowl, combine eggs, cheese, chives, and parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Whisk vigorously for 30 secs, or until slightly foamy. Pour and gently spread the egg mixture over the top of the mushrooms.
864	5	Step 5	Bake for 10 mins, or until the egg mixture is just cooked through and slightly browned on top. Serve hot.
865	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a medium frying pan over medium heat. Add mushrooms and garlic. Cook, stirring for 3 minutes or until lightly browned. Add flour. Cook, stirring for 1 minute.
865	2	Step 2	Slowly add stock, 1/4 cup at a time, stirring constantly to prevent lumps forming. Cook, stirring for 3 minutes or until sauce boils and thickens. Season with salt and pepper. Adjust liquid quantity to achieve the consistency you require.
866	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 180°C and grease a 30cm baking dish.
866	2	Step 2	Soak the porcini in 1/2 cup (125ml) boiling water for 10 minutes.
866	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, heat oil in a large pan over medium heat. Cook onion, stirring, for 5-6 minutes or until softened. Add the garlic, Swiss browns, bay leaf and thyme, then cook, stirring, for 2-3 minutes until mushrooms start to wilt and caramelise. Add porcini and soaking liquid, then cook for a further 2 minutes until most liquid has evaporated. Stir in passata and 1 cup (250ml) water and season well. Set aside.
866	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, for bechamel, place milk, halved onion, bay leaf and thyme in a pan over medium-high heat and bring to just below boiling point. Remove from heat and stand for 15 minutes to allow flavours to infuse. Melt butter in a pan over medium-low heat. Add flour and stir for 2 minutes until smooth and combined. Strain milk through a sieve into a jug, then gradually whisk into butter mixture until smooth. Add nutmeg, season, then stir over low heat for 3-4 minutes until thickened.
866	5	Step 5	To assemble lasagne, spoon half the mushroom sauce in the baking dish, spread with one-third of bechamel, then top with half the mozzarella. Cover with pasta sheets, then repeat with remaining mushroom mixture, half the remaining bechamel and the remaining mozzarella and pasta. Finish with a final layer of bechamel, scatter with parmesan, then cover with baking paper and foil. Bake for 45 minutes, then uncover and bake for 15 minutes more until golden and cooked. Rest for 10 minutes, then slice and serve with extra parmesan.
867	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200C/180C fan-forced. Place sweet potato on a baking tray lined with baking paper. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon oil. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to coat. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until golden and tender.
867	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat a barbecue hotplate on medium-high heat. Drizzle with half the remaining oil. Add onion. Cook, tossing, for 5 minutes or until golden. Drizzle with vinegar. Cook, tossing, for 1 minute or until vinegar has almost evaporated and onion has softened. Transfer onion to a bowl.
867	3	Step 3	Add remaining oil to barbecue hotplate. Add mushrooms and pancetta. Cook, turning, for 3 to 4 minutes or until pancetta is crisp and mushrooms are tender. Transfer pancetta to a plate. Arrange mushrooms, stem-side up, on hotplate. Place mozzarella slices on top of mushrooms. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until cheese has melted. Transfer to a plate.
867	4	Step 4	Place roll bases on serving plates. Top with rocket, tomato, pancetta, mushrooms, onion and basil. Season with salt and pepper. Sandwich with roll tops. Serve burgers with sweet potato wedges.
868	1	Step 1	Crack eggs into a large bowl. Add 1 teaspoon of the soy sauce and 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, and whisk with a fork until well combined.
868	2	Step 2	Heat 2 teaspoons of the oil in a wok or large frying pan over high heat. Add the garlic, mushrooms, green shallots, remaining soy sauce and 1 tablespoon of the oyster sauce. Cook for 2-3 minutes or until the mushrooms and shallots are tender. Cover with foil to keep warm.
868	3	Step 3	Heat 1 teaspoon of remaining oil in a 20cm (base measurement) non-stick frying pan over medium-low heat. Add half the spinach and cook, stirring, for 1-2 minutes or until just wilted. Pour over half the egg mixture and cook, tilting the pan until mixture covers base. As omelette sets, lift edge so uncooked egg runs underneath. Cook for 4-5 minutes or until just set. Place on plate and cover to keep warm. Repeat with remaining oil, spinach and egg mixture.
868	4	Step 4	To serve, cut omelettes in half and place on serving plates. Divide the mushroom mixture in half. Top the omelettes with 1 portion of the mushroom mixture and fold to enclose. Top with remaining mushroom mixture. Drizzle each with 2 teaspoons of oyster sauce. Sprinkle with the remaining sesame seeds.
869	1	Step 1	Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 4 minutes or until tender. Add mushrooms. Stir to combine. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cook for 6 to 8 minutes or until mushrooms are soft.
869	2	Step 2	Sprinkle flour and thyme over mushrooms, stirring until well combined.
869	3	Step 3	Whisk together wine and sour cream. Pour over mushroom mixture, stirring. Cook for 3 minutes or until sauce comes to the boil. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl. Refrigerate until cold.
869	4	Step 4	Process mushroom mixture in a food processor until smooth. Spoon into a bowl. Top with thyme. Serve with toasts.
870	1	Step 1	Heat butter and oil in a large heavy-based frying pan over medium heat. Add onion and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until onion softens. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute or until fragrant.
870	2	Step 2	Increase heat to high. Add mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, for 4 minutes or until tender. Add the sherry and thyme and cook for 1-2 minutes or until the liquid evaporates. Remove from heat and set aside for 10 minutes to cool.
870	3	Step 3	Transfer mixture to the bowl of a food processor. Add cream cheese and parsley and process until smooth. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and place in fridge for 1-2 hours to set.
870	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, preheat oven to 180°C. Brush bread slices with a little of the olive oil and place on a baking tray. Cook in oven for 8-10 minutes or until golden. Serve pate with toasted baguette.
871	1	Step 1	Heat sesame oil, garlic, and ginger in a frying pan and over low heat for 1 minute. Add shallots, mushrooms, and cabbage and increase heat to medium. Cook for 3 minutes or until just tender. Transfer to a bowl, add soy and set aside to cool.
871	2	Step 2	Fill a large bowl with warm water, and place 2 rice paper sheets at a time into the water to soften for about 30 seconds. Be careful not to let them get too soft - they should be soft, but firm enough to handle.
871	3	Step 3	Remove rice paper from water, and drain well and lay on a flat board. Sprinkle with coriander leaves and sandwich with the second sheet of rice paper. Top with a tablespoon of mushroom mixture (be careful to drain excess moisture). Top with julienned carrot and bean sprouts. Fold the ends in and roll up firmly. Set aside and cover with plastic. Continue with remaining ingredients. Serve immediately.
872	1	Step 1	Heat the stock and 1 cup of water in a medium saucepan over high heat until almost boiling. Remove from heat and cover to keep warm.
872	2	Step 2	Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Cook the onion, stirring, for 5 mins or until tender. Stir in the rice until well coated. Stir in the wine and cook for 1 min or until wine has evaporated. Add 1 ladleful of stock mixture and gently stir until stock is absorbed. Repeat with the remaining stock mixture until the rice is tender with just a slight bite.
872	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, heat the remaining oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook the garlic, stirring, for 3-4 mins or until golden and crisp. Use a slotted spoon to transfer to a plate. Increase heat to high. Cook the mushrooms in the butter, in batches, stirring, for 5 mins or until golden and tender. Transfer to another plate. Return one-quarter of the mushrooms to the pan. Add the garlic and parsley. Season and toss to combine. Reserve to garnish the risotto.
872	4	Step 4	Stir the plain mushrooms and parmesan into the risotto. Set aside, covered, for 2 mins to melt. Divide among plates and top with reserved garlic mushrooms. Season with pepper.
873	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 150C. Place chicken stock in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to the boil, reduce heat, cover and keep at a low simmer.
873	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a large pan over medium heat, add onion and garlic and cook 1-2 minutes or until softened. Stir in chopped mushrooms and cook 2-3 minutes until softened.
873	3	Step 3	Reduce heat to low, add rice and stir for 3-4 minutes or until evenly coated with oil. Add warm stock and stir occasionally for 15 -20 minutes or until rice is al dente. Add more stock or water if rice is sticking, but mixture should be slightly drier than regular risotto. Add parmesan and season to taste with salt and pepper. Cool completely.
873	4	Step 4	Roll heaped tablespoons of risotto into balls and dust in flour, shaking off excess. Dip into beaten egg and then breadcrumbs. Repeat with remaining ingredients.
873	5	Step 5	Heat remaining oil in a frying pan over medium low heat and shallow fry risotto balls for 2-3 minutes or until golden. Drain on absorbent paper and place in oven to keep warm. Repeat with remaining balls. Serve warm with lamb cutlets and rocket salad or as a finger food dish with tomato chutney.
874	1	Step 1	Place the stock and wine in a large saucepan over high heat. Bring just to the boil. Reduce heat to low and hold at a gentle simmer.
874	2	Step 2	Melt half the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the leek and garlic and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until soft. Add the rice and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until the grains appear glassy.
874	3	Step 3	Add a ladleful (about 125ml/1/2 cup) of the simmering stock mixture to the rice mixture and stir constantly with a wooden spoon until the liquid is absorbed. Continue to add the stock mixture, 1 ladleful at a time, stirring constantly and allowing the liquid to be absorbed before adding the next ladleful, for 20 minutes or until the rice is tender yet firm to the bite and the risotto is creamy. Remove from heat. Stir in the parmesan and parsley. Season with salt and pepper.
874	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, melt the remaining butter in a frying pan over medium heat. Add the mushroom and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until golden.
874	5	Step 5	Add the mushroom and egg to the risotto and stir until well combined. Transfer to a large bowl and set aside for 2 hours to cool.
874	6	Step 6	Preheat grill on high. Heat the oil in a 26cm (base measurement) non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Press risotto firmly into pan. (See tip) Cook over medium-high heat for 10 minutes or until golden underneath. Run a spatula around the edge to release. Cook risotto under grill for 10 minutes or until golden and crisp. Set aside for 15 minutes to cool slightly.
874	7	Step 7	Turn the risotto cake onto a large serving plate. Top with the tomato and rocket. Drizzle over the glaze to serve.
875	1	Step 1	Place a large heavy frying pan over high heat. Add the oil and the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, for about 10 minutes, or until the mushrooms are deeply caramelised. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the mushrooms to a medium bowl, cover to keep warm and set aside.
875	2	Step 2	Return the frying pan to medium-high heat. Add 50g of the butter and swirl for about 3 minutes, or until the butter has browned, but not burned. Add the sage leaves and swirl to combine. Set the sage butter aside.
875	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, place a large heavy sauté pan over medium heat and add 20g of the butter, onions and garlic and sauté for about 4 minutes, or until the onions are tender but not brown. Add the rice and sauté for about 1 minute, or until the rice is lightly toasted. Stir in the wine, 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1 1/2 teaspoons freshly finely ground black pepper and cook for about 3 minutes, or until the wine is absorbed. Add 3/4 cup of the hot stock and cook, stirring constantly, until absorbed. Continue adding the hot stock, 3/4 cup at a time, and cooking for about 18 minutes total, or until the rice is al dente (the centre of each grain of rice should be slightly firm; you may not need all of the stock). Halfway through cooking the risotto, stir in the reserved sage butter.
875	4	Step 4	Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the cheese, the reserved mushrooms and the remaining 30g butter. Season to taste with salt and pepper and serve.
876	1	Step 1	Bring stock and water to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat. Heat half the oil in a heavy-based saucepan over medium heat. Add the leek and garlic and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until soft. Add the rice and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until the grains appear glassy. Add the wine and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the stock mixture. Bring to the boil, stirring often. Reduce heat to low. Cover and cook for 20 minutes or until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed.
876	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat the remaining oil in a large non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Season both sides of the chicken with salt and pepper and sprinkle with the tarragon. Add the chicken to the pan and cook for 3 minutes each side or until golden and cooked through. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil to keep warm. Heat half the butter in the frying pan over medium heat. Add the combined mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally for 5 minutes or until soft.
876	3	Step 3	Add the mushroom mixture, parsley, remaining butter and half the parmesan to the risotto. Season with salt and pepper. Stir until well combined. Thickly slice the chicken diagonally. Divide the risotto among serving bowls. Top with the chicken and remaining parmesan to serve.
877	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C/180°C fan-forced. Place stock, garlic and 2 cups cold water in a saucepan. Cover. Bring to the boil. Remove from heat. Pour into a 7cmdeep, 20cm x 28cm (base) ovenproof dish. Sprinkle over polenta. Top with mushroom and rosemary.
877	2	Step 2	Cover dish tightly with foil. Bake for 20 minutes, stirring after 10 minutes. Remove foil. Sprinkle with cheese. Bake for 5 to 7 minutes or until cheese has melted. Stand for 2 minutes. Top with parsley. Serve.
878	1	Step 1	Melt 20g butter in a frying pan over medium heat. Cook shallot for 3 minutes, until soft. Add bacon and cook, stirring, for 2-3 minutes, until brown. Add peas and 1/2 cup water. Cover and simmer for 3-5 mins, until peas are tender.
878	2	Step 2	Remove from heat, add herbs and remaining butter, and toss to combine.
879	1	Step 1	Cook the peas in a large saucepan following packet directions or until tender. Drain and return to the pan.
879	2	Step 2	Add the butter and garlic to the peas and season with salt and pepper. Gently toss until the butter melts and the mixture is well combined. Transfer to a serving bowl and sprinkle with the mint leaves to serve.
880	1	Step 1	Cook the peas in large saucepan of boiling water for 4 minutes or until just tender. Drain.
880	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat the oil in a small frying pan over medium heat. Add the prosciutto and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until crisp.
880	3	Step 3	Combine the peas, prosciutto, mint and butter in a large bowl. Serve.
881	1	Step 1	Cook peas in boiling salted water for 5 minutes. Drain and set aside. Place the butter in a pan over high heat. Add lettuce and cook until just wilted. Add flour and cook for 1 minute, then add stock, sugar and bouquet garni.
881	2	Step 2	Bring to the boil, then reduce heat to low for 5 minutes. Add reserved peas, onions, parsley and cream and stir to combine.
881	3	Step 3	Remove bouquet garni before serving.
882	1	Step 1	Heat a non-stick frypan on a medium heat.
882	2	Step 2	Add brown sugar, salt and lemon juice and cook for 1 minute stirring continually until the mixture is syrupy. Add walnut halves and gently toss through the caramel.
882	3	Step 3	Remove walnuts and place on to baking paper in a single layer to cool.
882	4	Step 4	Arrange drained baby beetroot, lettuce leaves, feta cheese, cooked peas and walnuts in serving dishes. Combine all the dressing ingredients and serve with the salad.
883	1	Step 1	To make pastry, place the flour and icing sugar in a food processor and pulse for a few seconds. Add butter and process until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the egg and process until mixture forms a ball. Cover in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
883	2	Step 2	Once chilled, roll pastry out on a lightly floured workbench and use to line a 23cm fluted tart pan. Refrigerate for 30 minutes to chill.
883	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 180C. Line the pan with baking paper, fill with rice and blind-bake for 10 minutes.
883	4	Step 4	Place butter, sugar and golden syrup in a bowl and beat until smooth. Add egg, vanilla, chocolate and nuts. Pour into the pastry case and bake for 30-35 minutes. Set aside to cool. Dust with icing sugar and serve at room temperature with ice-cream or cream. Garnish with extra nuts, if desired.
884	1	Step 1	Process the flour, butter and icing sugar mixture in a food processor until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the egg yolk and water and process until the mixture just starts to come together. Turn the pastry onto a lightly floured surface. Knead until smooth. Shape into a disc and cover with plastic wrap. Place in the fridge for 30 minutes to rest.
884	2	Step 2	Divide the dough into 6 portions. Use a lightly floured rolling pin to roll 1 portion on a lightly floured surface into a 3mm-thick disc. Repeat with remaining dough portions. Line six 2cm-deep, 8.5cm (base measurement) fluted tart tins, with removable bases, with the pastry. Trim excess pastry. Prick the pastry bases with a fork and place on a baking tray in the fridge for 30 minutes to rest.
884	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 200°C. Cover each pastry base with non-stick baking paper and fill with pastry weights or rice. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove paper and pastry weights or rice. Bake for 5 minutes or until golden.
884	4	Step 4	To make the filling, whisk the jam, sugar, egg and butter in a bowl to combine. Stir in the pecans.
884	5	Step 5	Reduce oven temperature to 160°C. Divide the pecan mixture among the pastry cases and bake for 20-25 minutes or until just set in the centre. Transfer to a wire rack to cool slightly.
884	6	Step 6	Combine the cream and brandy in a small bowl. Serve with the pecan pies.
885	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Brush ten 125ml (1/2 cup) capacity, oval friand pans with melted butter to lightly grease.
885	2	Step 2	Place pecans in the bowl of a food processor and process until finely chopped. Transfer to a large bowl and add the egg whites, unsalted butter, icing sugar mixture, flour and maple syrup. Stir until well combined.
885	3	Step 3	Spoon the mixture into the prepared pans. Top each with a pecan half. Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Set aside for 5 minutes before turning onto a wire rack to cool. (To freeze, see below.)
885	4	Step 4	Serve brushed with a little extra maple syrup.
886	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Grease and line a 6cm deep, 21 x 10cm (base) loaf pan.
886	2	Step 2	Place oil, eggs, half the maple syrup, buttermilk and sugar into a bowl. Whisk to combine. Add bananas. Mix well.
886	3	Step 3	Sift flour and baking powder over banana mixture. Stir gently to combine. Fold through pecans.
886	4	Step 4	Pour mixture into loaf pan. Bake for 50 to 60 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Allow to cool completely in pan.
886	5	Step 5	To serve, preheat grill on medium. Slice bread. Toast under grill. Spread with ricotta. Drizzle with remaining syrup.
887	1	Step 1	Preparing the chocolate: Preheat oven to 180C. Grease a 20cm square cake pan with extra butter, then line the base and 2 opposite sides with baking paper, extending the paper 3cm beyond rim (this makes it easier to remove blondie later). Using your hands, break chocolate into pieces following the markings on the block, then break each piece in half again. Place in a plastic container and freeze for at least 30 minutes or until well chilled.
887	2	Step 2	Making the sugar mixture: Using the bridge technique (see note), cut the butter into 2cm pieces, then place in a saucepan. Add brown sugar and cook, stirring, over medium heat for 4 minutes or until the butter melts and the sugar dissolves. Cook, stirring, for a further 2 minutes or until mixture is smooth and glossy. Transfer to a bowl and leave for 10 minutes to cool slightly.
887	3	Step 3	Making the batter: Using the claw technique (see note), roughly chop the pecans. Sift the flour through a sieve into a bowl, then stir in the pecans. Crack the egg into the cooled sugar mixture, add the vanilla, then stir until well combined. Add the egg mixture to the flour mixture, stir to form a stiff batter, then stir through the chilled chocolate.
887	4	Step 4	Baking the blondie: Spoon batter into prepared pan, then, using the back of a spoon, smooth surface. Bake for 40 minutes or until a skewer inserted into centre of blondie comes out with moist crumbs attached (but not wet mixture!). Stand pan on a wire rack for 15 minutes to cool. Run a butter knife around edge of pan, then, using the baking paper as a handle, lift blondies onto a chopping board. Trim edges. Cut into 4 squares, then cut each square into 2 triangles.
887	5	Step 5	Making the vanilla custard: Place the cream, milk and vanilla in a saucepan, whisk to combine, then bring almost to the boil over medium heat. Remove from heat. Meanwhile, whisk egg yolks, sugar and cornflour in a bowl until pale and combined. Gradually whisk milk mixture into egg mixture, then pour mixture back into saucepan. Stir continuously with a wooden spoon over low heat for 4 minutes or until thick enough to coat the back of the spoon (do not boil). Transfer custard to a clean bowl, then place plastic wrap on the surface of the custard to prevent a skin forming.
887	6	Step 6	Serving the blondies: Place the warm blondies in shallow bowls, spoon over a little custard, then scatter with extra pecans. Serve immediately.
888	1	Step 1	Preheat the over to 180°C. Lightly grease 20cm round cake tin, and line the base with non-stick baking paper. Prepare the cake mixture according to packet directions. Spoon half the mixture into the prepared tin, and sprinkle half the pecans over.
888	2	Step 2	Spoon the remaining mixture into the tin, and sprinkle the remaining pecans over the top. Use a wooden skewer to swirl the pecans through the mixture, then smooth the surface.
888	3	Step 3	Bake for 40 minutes, until skewer comes out clean when inserted into the centre. Stand for 5 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack. Invert the cake so that it is right side up.
888	4	Step 4	To make the butterscotch sauce: combine the cream, butter, brown sugar, and vanilla in a small saucepan. Stir over medium heat until melted and smooth, then reduce the heat to low and simmer for 2 minutes. Cool slightly. To serve, cut the cake into wedges, place into serving dishes and drizzle with the warm sauce. Serve with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, if desired.
889	1	Step 1	Make orange dough: Whisk milk, 1 tablespoon of the sugar and yeast in a jug. Set aside for 10 minutes or until frothy. Whisk in egg.
889	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, process flour, orange rind, salt and remaining sugar in a food processor until combined. Add yeast mixture. Process until the dough just comes together. With the motor running, add the butter, 1 piece at a time, until combined and a very soft and sticky dough forms. (If you don’t have a food processor, combine the flour and yeast mixtures in a bowl until the dough just comes together. Turn onto a floured surface and knead in butter, 1 piece at a time until combined, adding a little flour if necessary to prevent the dough from sticking.
889	3	Step 3	Turn onto a lightly floured surface. Knead for 3-4 minutes or until smooth. Place in a greased bowl. Brush dough with a little melted butter. Cover. Set aside in a warm, draught-free place to prove for 1 hour or until dough doubles in size.
889	4	Step 4	Combine the raisins and brandy in a bowl. Set aside for 10 minutes to macerate. Use an electric beater to beat the butter, sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg in a bowl until creamy. Beat in the raisin mixture.
889	5	Step 5	To make the caramel, stir the butter, sugar, cream, golden syrup and salt in a saucepan over medium heat for 2 minutes or until the sugar dissolves. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer for 6 minutes or until thickened.
889	6	Step 6	Grease a 28 x 18cm baking dish with butter. Preheat oven to 180C. Roll out the dough to a 40 x 30cm rectangle. Place on the work surface with 1 long side facing you. Top with raisin mixture, leaving a 2cm border at the long side furthest from you. Starting from the long side closest to you, roll up firmly to form a log. Trim the ends. Cut into 12 slices.
889	7	Step 7	Pour half the caramel into the prepared dish. Sprinkle with two-thirds of the pecan. Top with the dough slices. Cover and set aside to prove for 40 minutes or until doubled in size.
889	8	Step 8	Combine the egg and water in a bowl. Brush the dough with the egg mixture. Bake for 15 minutes or until dark golden. Cover with foil. Bake for 10-15 minutes or until the buns sound hollow when tapped.
889	9	Step 9	Top with remaining caramel and pecans. Cool for 10 minutes.
890	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220°C. Cut each lamb rack in half. Place, fat-side up, in a roasting pan.
890	2	Step 2	Place pecans, sage, garlic and oil in the bowl of a food processor and process until coarsely chopped. Season with salt and pepper. Press mixture firmly onto the lamb. Bake in oven for 20-25 minutes for medium-rare or until cooked to your liking. Remove from oven and set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
890	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, cook potatoes in a saucepan of salted boiling water over medium-high heat for 4-5 minutes or until tender. Add beans in the last minute of cooking. Drain. Place in a bowl with the onion and mayonnaise and toss to combine.
890	4	Step 4	Serve lamb with the potato and green bean salad.
891	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 210°C. Line 2 baking trays with non-stick baking paper. Place pecans in a food processor and process until finely chopped. Add maple syrup and process until well combined.
891	2	Step 2	Place 1 pastry sheet on a workbench. Spread with half the pecan mixture. Starting from the side closest to you, tightly roll pastry until you reach the centre. Repeat with the other side. Using a sharp knife, cut roll into 1cm-thick slices (see note). Place palmiers on trays, allowing room for spreading. Repeat with remaining pastry and pecan mixture.
891	3	Step 3	Bake palmiers for 10 minutes. Swap trays over in oven. Bake for 3 to 5 minutes or until puffed and golden. Serve warm or cold.
892	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Lightly grease a  23cm (base) flan dish.
892	2	Step 2	Place biscuits into a food processor. Process to rough crumbs. Transfer to a bowl. Stir through pecans.
892	3	Step 3	Using an electric mixer, beat eggwhites with a pinch of salt to soft peaks. Add sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating constantly until a thick, glossy meringue forms. Fold in vanilla and biscuit and pecan mixture.
892	4	Step 4	Spoon mixture into pie plate. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until crisp. Set aside to cool completely. Top with cream and extra pecans.
893	1	Step 1	To make the pastry, sift the flour, baking powder, cinnamon and nutmeg into a large bowl. Stir in the sugar. Use your fingertips to rub the dairy spread into the flour mixture until it resembles fine breadcrumbs. Make a well in the centre. Whisk together the egg white and water in a jug. Add to the flour mixture. Use a round-bladed knife in a cutting motion to mix until dough just comes together. Shape into a disc and wrap in plastic wrap. Place in the fridge for 20 minutes to rest.
893	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 190°C. Roll out the pastry between 2 sheets of non-stick baking paper to a 30cm disc. Line a round 24cm (base measurement) fluted tart tin, with removable base, with pastry and trim excess. Cover pastry base with non-stick baking paper and fill with pastry weights, rice or dried beans. Set aside for 10 minutes to rest. Bake in oven for 10 minutes. Remove paper and weights, rice or beans. Bake for a further 12 minutes or until lightly browned. Set aside for 15 minutes to cool.
893	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, reduce oven temperature to 160°C. Place egg, egg whites, caramel, milk and sugar in a large bowl. Use an electric beater to whisk until well combined and smooth. Stir in the pecans. Pour caramel mixture into cooked pastry case. Bake in oven for 30 minutes or until set in the centre. Remove from oven and set aside in the tin for 30 minutes to cool. Remove from tin and cut into slices to serve.
894	1	Step 1	To make pastry, combine flour and salt in a large bowl. Add butter and, using your fingers, rub into flour mixture until it resembles fine breadcrumbs. Make a well in centre of flour mixture. Combine egg and 1 tablespoon iced water in a small bowl, then pour into well. Using a round-bladed knife, stir until mixture forms a dough.
894	2	Step 2	Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and shape into a 2.5cm-thick disc. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
894	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 200C. Place dough on a lightly floured work surface and roll out to a 30cm diameter disc. Line pan with dough, then trim and discard excess. Refrigerate for 15 minutes.
894	4	Step 4	Line pastry with baking paper, fill with dried beans or pastry weights and bake for 20 minutes or until light golden. Remove beans and paper. Reduce oven to 175C.
894	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, to make the filling, place butter, sugar and golden syrup in a small saucepan over low–medium heat and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until butter melts and mixture is smooth. Remove from heat and set aside to cool slightly. Add eggs and vanilla, and whisk to combine. Scatter pecans over pastry base and pour over golden syrup mixture. Place on an oven tray and bake for 35 minutes or until filling is browned and firm to the touch. Cool in pan to room temperature.
894	6	Step 6	Cut pie into wedges and serve with whipped cream or vanilla ice-cream.
895	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200C/180C fan-forced. Grease a 20cm x 30cm lamington pan. Line base and sides with baking paper, extending paper 5cm above edges of pan.
895	2	Step 2	Make Pastry: Using an electric mixer, beat butter, sugar and vanilla in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Add flours. Stir until combined. Using floured hands, press pastry over base of prepared pan. Bake for 10 minutes or until golden. Place pan on a wire rack. Cool for 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 180C/160C fan-forced.
895	3	Step 3	Whisk eggs, syrup, sugar, butter and flour in a large bowl until combined. Pour over pastry base. Arrange pecans, in a single layer, over filling.
895	4	Step 4	Bake for 25 minutes or until golden and set. Set aside to cool completely in pan. Cut into 24 pieces. Serve.
896	1	Step 1	Process flour, sugar and butter until mixture resembles breadcrumbs. Add egg and water. Process until dough comes together. Turn onto a lightly floured surface. Knead lightly until smooth. Press into a 20cm (diameter) disc. Wrap in baking paper. Refrigerate for 20 minutes or until firm enough to roll out.
896	2	Step 2	Roll pastry out between 2 large sheets of baking paper to 5mm-thick. Cut 6 x 13cm squares from pastry. Use to line 6 x 8.5cm (base), 10.5cm (top) pie pans. Place into freezer for 20 minutes or until firm. Press remaining pastry together. Roll out to 5mm-thick. Using a small cutter, cut out shapes. Place onto a lined baking tray. Freeze until firm.
896	3	Step 3	Place a baking tray into oven. Preheat oven and tray to 200°C.
896	4	Step 4	Place pies onto hot baking tray. Bake for 10 minutes until golden. Brush bases with eggwhite. Bake for a further 3 minutes. Set aside. Reduce oven to 180Ã‚ÂºC. Return baking tray to oven to heat.
896	5	Step 5	Make filling Combine sugar, syrup and butter in a saucepan over low heat. Stir until sugar has dissolved. Remove from heat. Add eggs and vanilla. Whisk. Pour into a jug. Arrange nuts over bases of pastry cases. Pour over caramel. Place onto hot tray. Bake for 40 minutes or until set. Bake shapes for 6 minutes or until golden. Dust with icing sugar. Top pies with shapes. Serve.
897	1	Step 1	To make the pastry, place the flour, butter and sugar in the bowl of a food processor, and process until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the egg yolk and iced water and process until the mixture just begins to come together.
897	2	Step 2	Turn the pastry onto a lightly floured surface and knead lightly until smooth. Shape into a disc and place in the fridge for 30 minutes to rest.
897	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 200°C.
897	4	Step 4	Divide pastry into 2 equal portions. Use a lightly floured rolling pin to roll 1 portion out to about 3mm-thick. Use a 15cm diameter cutter to cut 5 discs. Line five 2cm-deep, 8cm (base measurement) fluted tart tins with removable bases with the pastry and trim any excess. Repeat with the remaining pastry portion to line 5 more tart tins. Place on a baking tray in the fridge for 30 minutes to rest.
897	5	Step 5	Cover each pastry base with greaseproof paper and fill with rice or dried beans. Bake in preheated oven for 10 minutes. Remove paper and rice or beans and bake for a further 8 minutes or until golden. Remove from oven. Reduce oven temperature to 160°C.
897	6	Step 6	Meanwhile, to make the pecan filling, whisk the eggs, maple syrup, sugar and butter in a medium bowl. Stir in pecans.
897	7	Step 7	Pour mixture evenly into warm pastry cases. Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes or until just set in centre. Place pies on a wire rack and set aside for 40 minutes or until completely cool.
898	1	Step 1	Combine the ice-cream, maple syrup and cinnamon in a medium bowl. Transfer to a shallow metal container and cover with foil. Place in the freezer for 4 hours or until firm.
898	2	Step 2	To make pastry, place flour, custard powder, butter and sugar in the bowl of a food processor and process until it resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add egg yolk and water and process until dough just comes together. Turn onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth. Shape into a disc. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 30 minutes to rest.
898	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 200°C. Divide the pastry into 8 equal portions. Roll out 1 portion to a 3mm-thick disc. Line a round 8cm (base measurement) fluted tart tin, with removable base, with pastry and trim any excess. Repeat with the remaining pastry. Place in the fridge for 15 minutes to rest.
898	4	Step 4	Cover pastry with baking paper and fill with pastry weights or rice. Place on a baking tray and bake for 8-10 minutes. Remove paper and pastry weights or rice. Bake for a further 8-10 minutes or until golden. Reduce temperature to 180°C.
898	5	Step 5	To make the pecan filling, combine the egg, maple syrup, sugar, butter and pecans in a bowl. Spoon evenly among bases. Bake for 25-30 minutes or until set. Set aside for 1 hour to cool.
898	6	Step 6	Divide pies among serving plates. Top with ice-cream to serve.
899	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220°C. Place pecans in the bowl of a food processor and process until coarsely chopped. Add breadcrumbs, parsley, sage and garlic, and process until well combined. Season with salt and pepper.
899	2	Step 2	Place the pork, rind-side up, on a clean work surface. Score rind with a knife, crossways, to the fat layer, at 2cm intervals. Turn pork over. Cut a vertical slit into the thick end (do not cut all the way through). Open the thick end to sit flat and place pecan mixture down the centre. Beginning at the thicker end, roll up to enclose filling. Use unwaxed white kitchen string to tie at 2cm intervals. Place pork, rind-side up, in a roasting pan.
899	3	Step 3	Rub extra salt into rind cuts. Roast in preheated oven for 25 minutes or until rind crackles. Remove from oven. Reduce oven temperature to 190°C.
899	4	Step 4	To make the balsamic onions & pears, combine onion, pear, butter, vinegar and sugar in a large bowl and gently toss to combine. Place the pear mixture, in a single layer, around the pork. Roast in oven for a further 1 hour or until rind is golden and crackled. Remove from oven. Transfer the pork to a plate. Cover with foil and set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
899	5	Step 5	Add the spinach leaves to the pear mixture in the roasting pan, and gently toss until combined and spinach wilts. Arrange pear mixture on a platter. Top with pork and drizzle with pan juices. Carve pork into thick slices to serve.
900	1	Step 1	Wash and dry apples thoroughly. Insert sticks into stem ends of apples. Line a tray with baking paper. Spread pecans out on work surface.
900	2	Step 2	Combine sugar, water and vinegar in a small, heavy-based saucepan. Stir constantly, over low heat, without boiling, until sugar has completely dissolved. Increase heat and bring to the boil. Simmer, without stirring, until liquid turns to a golden toffee colour. Remove from heat.
900	3	Step 3	Dip an apple in toffee and turn to coat evenly. Working quickly, roll sides of apple in pecans, and stand upright on prepared tray to set. Repeat with remaining apples, toffee and nuts.
900	4	Step 4	When cool, wrap in clear cellophane and tie with string. Store in a cool, dry place, but not in the fridge. They are best made and eaten on the same day.
901	1	Step 1	Wash and dry apples thoroughly. Insert sticks into stem ends of apples. Line a tray with baking paper. Spread pecans out on work surface.
901	2	Step 2	Combine sugar, water and vinegar in a small, heavy-based saucepan. Stir constantly, over low heat, without boiling, until sugar has completely dissolved. Increase heat and bring to the boil. Simmer, without stirring, until liquid turns to a golden toffee colour. Remove from heat.
901	3	Step 3	Dip an apple in toffee and turn to coat evenly. Working quickly, roll sides of apple in pecans and stand upright on prepared tray to set. Repeat with remaining apples, toffee and nuts.
901	4	Step 4	When cool, wrap in clear cellophane and tie with string. Store in a cool, dry place, away from direct sunlight, but not in the fridge. They are best made and eaten on the same day.
902	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Heat half the oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until onion softens. Add figs and brandy, stirring, for 1 minute or until figs soften. Transfer to a bowl. Add breadcrumbs and pecans and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
902	2	Step 2	Place turkey, skin-side down, on a clean work surface. Open the tenderloin so the breast lies flat. Use a knife to slice from the centre of the breast outwards; don't cut all the way through. Repeat with opposite side. Open breast out so it lies flat. Spoon stuffing down the centre of the turkey. Fold in sides to enclose filling. Use kitchen string to tie at 2cm intervals to secure.
902	3	Step 3	Place a wire rack in the bottom of a roasting pan. Place turkey on the rack. Brush with remaining oil; season with salt and pepper. Pour stock and wine in pan. Roast in oven, occasionally brushing with pan juices, for 11/2 hours, or until juices run clear when turkey is pierced in the thickest part. Remove from oven. Cover with foil. Set aside for 15 minutes to rest.
902	4	Step 4	Strain pan juices into a jug. Heat butter in roasting pan over medium heat until foaming. Add flour, stirring with a wooden spoon to dislodge baked-on juices, for 2 minutes or until lightly golden. Add pan juices; cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until it boils and thickens. Remove from heat.
902	5	Step 5	Place turkey on a serving platter and remove the kitchen string. Cut into slices and serve with the gravy.
903	1	Step 1	Combine pecans and parsley in a food processor. Process until roughly chopped. Transfer to a shallow dish. Stir in polenta and season with salt and pepper. Whisk egg in a shallow bowl. Using a sharp knife, cut each chicken fillet in half though the centre to make 2 thin fillets.
903	2	Step 2	Place pumpkin in a microwave-safe bowl. Cover and microwave on HIGH (100%) for 4 to 6 minutes or until tender. Drain. Return to bowl. Add butter and mash until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Cover to keep warm.
903	3	Step 3	Dip 1 chicken fillet at a time into egg. Coat in pecan mixture, pressing on with fingertips.
903	4	Step 4	Heat oil in a non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Cook chicken schnitzels, 2 at a time, for 2 to 3 minutes each side or until chicken is cooked through. Serve with pumpkin mash and rocket.
904	1	Step 1	Cook the potato in a saucepan of boiling water for 7 minutes. Add the cauliflower and cook for 8 minutes or until the potato and cauliflower are tender. Drain and return to the pan. Add the milk and coarsely mash.
904	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, preheat oven to 200°C. Line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Combine the breadcrumbs, pecan, parsley, mustard and honey in a shallow bowl. Press 1 side of each salmon fillet into breadcrumb mixture to coat. Place salmon on prepared tray. Lightly spray with oil. Cook for 8 minutes for medium or until cooked to your liking.
904	3	Step 3	Divide mash among serving plates. Top with salmon. Serve with beans and broccolini.
905	1	Step 1	Mix the vanilla seeds with the sugar and sherry, then set aside. Place 2 cups (500ml) of the cream in a saucepan with the vanilla pods and orange zest. Bring to the boil, add the sugar and sherry mixture and stir until dissolved. Set aside for 5 minutes to infuse.
905	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, soak the gelatine leaves in cold water for 5 minutes. Squeze out any excess moisture, then add leaves to the infused cream and stir to dissolve. Strain through a sieve into a bowl, discarding solids. Place the bowl in a sink filled with iced water, stirring from time to time. When cold, but not set, whip the remaining cream until soft peaks and lightly fold into the cooled mixture. Pour into six shallow 200ml-capacity terracotta bowls or cups, or one 1.2-litre capacity round flan dish. Chill overnight.
905	3	Step 3	To make the sauce, place the sugar in a saucepan with 1/2 cup (125ml) water. Stir over low heat until the sugar has dissolved, then simmer, without stirring, until light golden in colour. Remove from heat and, stirring continuously, carefully add 1/3 cup (80ml) cold water and sherry. Return to heat and stir to dissolve the caramel, then remove from the heat, add raisins and cool sauce completely.
905	4	Step 4	Serve the creams topped with the sauce (cut into wedges first if making one large cream).
906	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Remove the skin from the duck and cut into thin strips. Place on a baking tray lined with non-stick baking paper and cook for 4 minutes or until crisp. Remove from oven, cover and keep warm.
906	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, remove the meat from the duck and shred roughly. Place on a separate baking tray lined with non-stick baking paper, cover with foil and place in the oven to warm for 6-8 minutes.
906	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, warm the pancakes in the microwave or steam until warmed through.
906	4	Step 4	Combine the green onion, chilli and vinegar in a small bowl.
906	5	Step 5	To serve, place some shredded duck meat and crispy duck skin along the middle of each pancake. Top with some green onion dressing and a little hoi sin sauce. Roll up to enclose filling and tie up with several chive strips with ends trimmed. Place on a platter and serve immediately.
907	1	Step 1	Finely shred snow peas and thinly slice onions. Place in a bowl. Add sprouts and cucumber. Toss to combine. Place chicken and hoisin sauce in separate bowls.
907	2	Step 2	Heat crepes following packet directions. Place 1 crepe on a plate. Top with one-eighth of the snow pea mixture, chicken and hoisin sauce. Roll up. Secure with a chive. Repeat with remaining crepes, snow pea mixture and hoisin sauce. Serve.
908	1	Step 1	Sift flour into a medium heatproof bowl. Add boiling water and combine with flour to form soft dough.
908	2	Step 2	Knead on lightly floured surface for about 5 minutes. Wrap in plastic and set aside for 20 minutes.
908	3	Step 3	Unwrap dough and knead for a further 5 minutes. Divide into 8 equal portions. Pat each portion into even-sized rounds.
908	4	Step 4	Brush half the rounds with sesame oil and top with remaining rounds. Roll each stack into a 20cm round.
908	5	Step 5	Heat a medium, non-stick frying pan over high heat. Dry fry double pancakes for 45 seconds, or until starting to puff. Flip and cook for a further 30 seconds. Pancakes should be lightly browned, but still pliable.
908	6	Step 6	Remove from pan and peel them apart. Transfer to plate and cover with clean tea towel while repeating with remaining pancakes. Each individual pancake is only cooked on one side. The oil keeps the inside moist and allows them to be easily separated.
908	7	Step 7	Spread un-fried side of each pancake with hoisin sauce, then top with lettuce, chicken, capsicum and shallots. Roll up to enclose filling. Serve immediately.
909	1	Step 1	To make the marinade, cut the lemon into 1/4cm slices and place in a medium saucepan with 1.2 litres of water, the honey, soy sauce, rice wine and spices. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer for about 20 minutes until flavours are infused. Set aside.
909	2	Step 2	Wash duck inside and out, then pat dry with paper towel. Use kitchen string to tie the duck's legs firmly together. Place in a large pan and pour over a kettle of boiling water. Leave for 1 minute. Transfer duck to a wire rack over a roasting tray, pat dry, then baste with marinade until the skin is completely coated.
909	3	Step 3	Set the uncovered duck aside to dry out for 4-5 hours (you can face a fan onto the duck to speed up the process - the duck skin should feel like taut parchment when ready).
909	4	Step 4	Preheat the oven to 240°C.
909	5	Step 5	Pour 50ml cold water into the pan (to stop the fat from splattering). Cook in the oven for 15 minutes, then reduce the heat to 180°C and roast for a further 1 1/4 hours. Set duck aside for 10 minutes to rest before carving.
909	6	Step 6	Prepare the pancakes (see related recipe). Carve the duck into thin slices. To serve, place a pancake on each plate, then a slice of duck in the middle of the pancake. Add some cucumber and spring onion strips, drizzle with hoisin sauce, wrap and enjoy.
910	1	Step 1	Rinse the ducks well with cold water then pat dry with paper towel. Set aside.
910	2	Step 2	Place the lemon in a pan with the honey, soy sauce, rice wine and 2 cups (500ml) water over medium heat, stirring to dissolve the honey. Increase heat to medium-high and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 15 minutes or until slightly reduced. Remove from heat, cool slightly, then baste the ducks with the mixture several times until well coated.
910	3	Step 3	Place the ducks on a baking tray and leave uncovered in the fridge overnight to dry out the skin.
910	4	Step 4	The next day, preheat the oven to 220°C.
910	5	Step 5	Place the ducks on a wire rack set over a large roasting pan. Fill the roasting pan with 3cm boiling water (this will prevent the fat from spluttering in the pan). Roast the ducks for 15 minutes. Reduce temperature to 180°C and roast for a further 1 hour and 10 minutes or until duck is cooked through and skin is very crispy. Remove the ducks from the oven and stand for 10 minutes.
910	6	Step 6	Meanwhile, heat the pancakes according to the packet instructions.
910	7	Step 7	Carve the duck, then serve with the pancakes, spring onions, cucumber and hoisin, and let everyone roll their own.
911	1	Step 1	Cook the duck following packet directions. Allow to cool slightly, then thinly slice.
911	2	Step 2	Combine the watercress, fennel and grapes in a bowl. Toss to combine.
911	3	Step 3	Add the duck and toss gently to combine. Divide among serving plates and drizzle with the dressing.
912	1	Step 1	Combine flour, cornflour, water, milk, eggs and half the butter in a food processor. Process until batter is smooth. Pour into a jug. Cover and stand for 15 minutes.
912	2	Step 2	Heat a non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Brush with remaining butter. Pour a tablespoonful of batter into frying pan. Spread to form a thin pancake, about 16cm in diameter. Cook for 2 minutes. Turn and cook for a further 1 minute. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with remaining batter.
912	3	Step 3	Remove skin and meat from duck. Thinly slice both skin and meat. Cut onions into 10cm lengths.
912	4	Step 4	Place some duck skin and meat, 2 pieces of onion and 1 teaspoon of hoisin sauce onto each pancake. Roll up. Serve.
913	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook the wrappers, in 3 batches, turning once, for 30-60 seconds or until crisp. Transfer to a tray lined with paper towel.
913	2	Step 2	Combine the hoisin sauce, vinegar, extra oil and sesame seeds in a jug.
913	3	Step 3	Thinly slice the duck. Combine the watercress, bean sprouts, cucumber and onion in a bowl. Add the duck and half the hoisin sauce mixture. Toss to combine.
913	4	Step 4	Layer the duck mixture and wrappers on plates. Drizzle over the remaining hoisin sauce mixture. Sprinkle with the peanut.
914	1	Step 1	Cook the noodles in a saucepan of boiling water for 1-2 minutes or until tender. Drain well.
914	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat oil in a wok over high heat. Add pork and stir-fry, breaking up mince with a flat-bottomed wooden spoon for 5 minutes or until mince changes colour.
914	3	Step 3	Add garlic and ginger and stir-fry for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add choy sum, green onion, soy sauce and chilli bean paste and stir-fry for 2 minutes or until choy sum begins to wilt. Add noodles and stir-fry for 2 minutes or until well combined and heated through. Transfer to a serving plate. Sprinkle with coriander leaves.
915	1	Step 1	Combine hoisin sauce, garlic, soy sauce, cooking wine, honey and five-spice in a large, shallow ceramic dish. Place ribs, in a single layer, in marinade and turn to coat. Cover. Refrigerate for 3 to 4 hours.
915	2	Step 2	Spray a cold barbecue plate or grill with oil. Preheat on medium-high heat. Barbecue ribs for 4 to 5 minutes each side or until golden and cooked through. Remove from heat. Cover loosely with foil. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest.
915	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, combine rice, bok choy, sesame seeds and green onion in a large bowl.
915	4	Step 4	Place ribs on serving plates. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with rice salad.
916	1	Step 1	Soak eight 20cm wooden skewers in hot water for 10 minutes. Mix the curry paste, fish sauce and coconut milk, then add chicken and turn to coat.
916	2	Step 2	Thread 3 alternating pieces of capsicum, bamboo and chicken onto each skewer. Add 1/4 cup (60ml) water to remaining marinade and set aside. Cook the rice according to packet instructions, then toss with the coriander.
916	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, heat a large frypan over medium-high heat. In batches if necessary, add the chicken skewers and cook for 1-2 minutes on each of the 4 sides. Pour over the reserved marinade and bring to the boil, then simmer over low heat for 2 minutes or until marinade thickens slightly. Serve the skewers with rice and drizzle with the pan juices.
917	1	Step 1	Combine curry paste and peanuts in a bowl. Heat wok over medium heat until hot. Spoon thick top layer of coconut cream into wok (see note). Cook, stirring, for 8 to 10 minutes or until oil separates and floats to the top. Add curry paste mixture. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add sugar and fish sauce. Cook for 5 minutes or until sauce reduces slightly. Gradually add remaining coconut cream and stock. Cook for 15 to 20 minutes or until sauce thickens.
917	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat a chargrill or frying pan over medium-high heat. Brush both sides of beef with oil. Cook for 3 minutes each side for medium or until cooked to your liking. Transfer to a plate. Cover and allow to rest for 5 minutes. Slice into thin strips.
917	3	Step 3	Add beef, kaffir lime and basil to curry and stir to combine. Spoon curry over rice. Top with chillies and serve.
918	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Place eggplant into a roasting pan. Drizzle with oil. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes, shaking the pan occasionally, until eggplant is golden.
918	2	Step 2	Pour coconut cream into a wok. Cook over medium heat for about 8 minutes, stirring, until oil and cream separate. Add curry paste and cook a further 2 minutes. Stir through peanuts.
918	3	Step 3	Slowly stir in coconut milk. Add sugar and fish sauce. Simmer for 20 minutes, or until red oil rises to the surface.
918	4	Step 4	Stir through eggplant, beef and lime leaves. Simmer for 2 minutes. Remove from heat and stir through basil leaves. Serve with jasmine rice.
918	5	Step 5	Variation: Palm sugar can be replaced with brown sugar.
919	1	Step 1	Place the chillies in a heatproof bowl. Cover with boiling water. Set aside for 10 minutes to soften. Drain. Use a small sharp knife to cut the chillies lengthways. Remove the seeds and discard. Coarsely chop the flesh.
919	2	Step 2	Blend the chilli, peanuts, galangal or ginger, lime leaves, shallot, coriander root, garlic, lemon grass, cumin, ground coriander and fish sauce in a blender until finely chopped.
919	3	Step 3	Add the oil and blend, scraping down the side of the blender occasionally, until a smooth paste forms.
920	1	Step 1	Heat a wok over medium heat. Spoon thick top layer of coconut milk into wok. Add curry paste. Stir-fry for 3 to 5 minutes or until oil separates and floats to the top.
920	2	Step 2	Add fish. Turn to coat. Add remaining coconut milk. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer for 5 minutes or until fish is just cooked through. Stir in fish sauce and sugar. Cook for 1 minute. Stir in lime leaves, basil and mint. Top with chilli. Serve with rice.
921	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 220°C. Trim leeks to 13cm long, then rinse well. Cook leeks in a saucepan of boiling salted water for 1 minute or until just tender. Using tongs, remove from pan and refresh under cold running water, then pat dry. Cook peas in same water for 1 minute, drain then refresh under cold running water.
921	2	Step 2	Cut pastry in 1/2. Roll each 1/2 into a 15 x 25cm rectangle and trim edges straight. Place on a large, baking paper-lined oven tray, then scatter with parmesan. Drain oil from goat's cheese, reserving 2 tablespoons oil. Crumble 2 cubes of goat's cheese over each tart, then bake for 15 minutes. Working quickly, scatter peas over tarts then arrange cooked leeks over peas. Crumble another cube of goat's cheese over each tart, scatter with thyme sprigs, then return to oven and bake for another 10-15 minutes or until pastry is deep golden and cooked. Combine lemon rind, chopped lemon and reserved oil, and drizzle oil over tarts. Serve
922	1	Step 1	Cook the pasta in a large saucepan of salted boiling water until al dente. Drain. Return the pasta to saucepan.
922	2	Step 2	Heat a large non-stick frying pan over medium-low heat. Cook, turning, half the pancetta for 5 minutes or until golden and crisp. Use tongs to transfer the pancetta to a plate lined with paper towel to drain, leaving the fat in the pan. Repeat with remaining pancetta. Coarsely chop.
922	3	Step 3	Add the pasta to the pancetta fat in the pan. Stir over low heat for 1 minute or until coated. Remove from heat. Cool for 1 minute. Stir in the pancetta, parmesan, parsley and oil until combined. Quickly stir in the egg until the pasta is coated. Season with pepper.
923	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Grease a 5cm-deep, 18cm x 20cm (base) baking dish.
923	2	Step 2	Combine mince, zucchini, carrot, onion, mushroom and cheese in a bowl. Roll 1 tablespoon mixture into a ball. Place in prepared dish. Repeat with remaining mixture. Top with pasta sauce. Bake for 30 minutes or until meatballs are cooked through.
923	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, cook pasta in a large saucepan of boiling, salted water, following packet directions, until tender. Drain. Divide pasta between plates. Top with meatball mixture. Sprinkle with parsley. Serve.
924	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic, and cook, stirring, for 7-8 minutes until onion is soft. Add chilli and cook for 1 minute.
924	2	Step 2	Add tomatoes and stock, and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 15 minutes until slightly thickened. Stir in sugar.
924	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, cook pasta in a large saucepan of salted boiling water according to packet directions or until al dente. Drain and return pasta to pan. Add sauce and chopped basil, toss to combine. Serve, sprinkled with basil and shaved parmesan.
925	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion, garlic and chillies. Cook, stirring often, for 6 to 7 minutes or until onion is soft. Add tomatoes, stock and 1/4 cup basil leaves. Bring to a gentle boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, uncovered, for 15 minutes.
925	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cook pasta in a large saucepan of boiling, salted water following packet directions, until tender. Drain pasta and return to pan.
925	3	Step 3	Stir sugar into tomato sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon sauce over pasta. Toss to combine. Cover and set aside for 5 minutes (this allows pasta to absorb sauce).
925	4	Step 4	Sprinkle with remaining basil. Spoon into serving bowls and serve.
926	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a deep frying pan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic. Cook, stirring often, for 4 to 5 minutes or until tender. Increase heat to high. Add beef and pork mince. Cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, for 5 minutes or until browned. Stir in tomato paste and cook for 1 minute.
926	2	Step 2	Add stock, tomatoes with juice and sugar to pan. Stir to combine. Reduce heat to medium-high. Bring to the boil. Cook, uncovered, for 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low. Simmer, covered, for 1 hour. Increase heat to medium and boil gently, uncovered, for 10 minutes or until bolognaise is thick.
926	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, cook pasta in a large saucepan of boiling salted water, following packet directions, until tender. Drain.
926	4	Step 4	Spoon pasta into bowls. Spoon over bolognaise sauce, top with parmesan and serve.
927	1	Step 1	Heat oil in a large frying pan. Slice bacon and cook with onion and garlic, stirring occasionally, for about 5 minutes, or until onions are soft and bacon is lightly browned.
927	2	Step 2	Add mushrooms and cook for further 5 minutes. Add cream and peas and simmer until peas are tender. Season to taste.
927	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, cook pasta in a large pan of salted, boiling water, until just tender. Drain.
927	4	Step 4	Add pasta and parsley to pan with sauce, and toss until well combined. Serve immediately with parmesan and crusty bread.
928	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. To prepare the spatchcocks, use kitchen scissors to cut down both sides of the backbone of each spatchcock. Remove backbones. Use a large, sharp knife to cut through the breastbone and slice each bird in half.
928	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a large flameproof roasting pan over high heat. Add the spatchcock, skin-side down, and cook for 2 minutes or until golden. Transfer to a plate.
928	3	Step 3	Add the onion, carrot, celery, bacon and garlic to the pan and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until onion softens. Add the lentils and stir to combine. Add the chicken stock and wine and bring to the boil. Remove from heat. Place the spatchcock, skin-side up, over the lentil mixture. Sprinkle with lemon thyme and season to taste with salt and pepper. Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes or until chicken and lentils are tender.
928	4	Step 4	Place the spinach leaves on plates. Spoon over the lentils and top with the chicken. Serve immediately.
929	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Spray the sweet potatoes with oil. Wrap each sweet potato in foil. Place on an oven tray and roast for 45 minutes or until tender.
929	2	Step 2	Process the butter and milk in a food processor until soft and pale. Add the seasoning and process until well combined.
929	3	Step 3	Use a small sharp knife to make a slit lengthways in the top of each sweet potato. Fill with the butter mixture and top with coriander sprigs.
930	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Combine the butter, tarragon, mustard and garlic in a small bowl. Loosen the skin under the thigh of each chicken maryland. Spoon the butter mixture evenly among the pocket of each chicken. Arrange chicken among 2 roasting pans. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Arrange the fennel around the chicken.
930	2	Step 2	Bake in preheated oven, basting with pan juices occasionally, for 40-45 minutes or until chicken is golden brown and cooked through and fennel is tender. Transfer to a platter to serve.
931	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Combine the tarragon and butter in a bowl. Run your fingers under the skin of each chicken to loosen and create a pocket. Press three-quarters of the butter mixture into the pockets and spread evenly. Rub the remaining butter mixture over the chickens. Divide the lemon and garlic between the cavities. Place in a large roasting pan.
931	2	Step 2	Roast the chickens in the oven, basting with the pan juices halfway through cooking and covering the breasts with foil if necessary to prevent overbrowning, for 1 1/4 hours or until the chickens are golden and the juices run clear when the thickest part of the thigh is pierced with a skewer. Transfer the chickens to a large serving platter and cover with foil. Set aside for 15 minutes to rest.
931	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, skim the surface of the pan juices to remove excess fat, reserving 1 tablespoon of fat. Place the roasting pan containing the pan juices over medium heat. Add the wine and bring to the boil. Boil for 3 minutes or until reduced by half. Add the stock and bring to the boil.
931	4	Step 4	Combine the flour and reserved fat in a small bowl. Gradually add the flour mixture to the stock mixture, whisking constantly, until the gravy thickens slightly. Add any juices from the serving platter to the gravy and whisk to combine. Transfer to a serving jug and cover to keep warm.
931	5	Step 5	Carve the chickens and serve with the gravy.
932	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Place 10 Roma tomatoes, halved on a baking tray. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil and salt and freshly ground pepper. Roast for 45 minutes.
932	2	Step 2	Use 2 sheets ready rolled shortcrust pastry to line a 11cm x 35cm rectangle tart tin. Trim the edges. Prick the base with a fork. Refrigerate for 15 minutes. Bake for 15-20 minutes or until golden and crisp.
932	3	Step 3	Steam 1 bunch asparagus. Place the roast tomatoes and asparagus in the pastry case. Crumble over 80g fresh ricotta and scatter with small basil leaves. Drizzle with a purchased balsamic dressing to serve.
933	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Place the tomato halves, cut side-up, on the tray. Season with salt and pepper, and drizzle with the oil. Roast for 45 minutes or until soft and slightly golden. Set aside at room temperature to cool slightly.
933	2	Step 2	Place the feta and ricotta in a small bowl. Use a fork to mash together. Beat with a wooden spoon until creamy and well combined.
933	3	Step 3	Mix the pesto and buttermilk in a small bowl.
933	4	Step 4	Cut 8 x 1cm thick slices of the vienna bread and toast. Spread the toasted bread with the cheese mixture, top each slice with a tomato and drizzle with the pesto dressing.
934	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Line a tray with baking paper. Place tomato (cut-side up) and garlic cloves on prepared tray. Drizzle with half the oil. Season with salt and pepper. Roast for 40 minutes or until tomato is tender. Remove from oven. Set aside to cool slightly.
934	2	Step 2	Peel garlic. Discard skins. Process tomato, garlic and half the shredded basil until smooth. Strain through a sieve into a heatproof bowl. Discard tomato seeds.
934	3	Step 3	Heat remaining oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until soft. Add tomato paste. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until fragrant. Add stock and tomato mixture. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer, stirring occasionally,
935	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Line 2 baking trays with baking paper. Place capsicum, skin side up, on 1 tray. Place garlic and tomatoes, cut side up, on remaining tray. Spray with oil. Sprinkle tomatoes with sugar. Season with salt and pepper.
935	2	Step 2	Roast vegetables for 35 to 40 minutes or until capsicum skins blister and tomatoes are soft. Set aside until cool enough to handle. Remove skins from capsicum, tomatoes and garlic.
935	3	Step 3	Puree capsicum, tomatoes and garlic, in 2 batches, in a food processor. Pour into a large saucepan. Add stock. Bring to the boil, uncovered, stirring occasionally, over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for 15 minutes or until heated through.
935	4	Step 4	Make gremolata  - Combine lemon rind, garlic and basil in a small bowl.
935	5	Step 5	Ladle soup into bowls and sprinkle with gremolata. Serve with garlic bread finger (see related recipe)
936	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200C/180C fan forced. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Place tomato, cut side up, on tray. Drizzle with 3 teaspoons of the oil, Sprinkle with sugar. Season. Roast for 12-14 minutes or until starting to collapse.
936	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cook pasta in a saucepan of boiling salted water until al dente. Drain, reserving 1 tbs cooking liquid. Return pasta and liquid to saucepan.
936	3	Step 3	Heat 1 tbs oil in a non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Add chorizo. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until golden. Stir in shallot for 1 minute or until soft and add to pasta.
936	4	Step 4	Heat remaining oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Stir in bread for 2 minutes or until golden. Stir in fennel, chilli and lemon zest for 1 minute or until aromatic. Season.
936	5	Step 5	Add rocket, 1 tbs lemon juice and tomato to pasta mixture. Gently toss to combine. Divide among plates. Sprinkle with the breadcrumb mixture.
937	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200C/180C fan forced. Line 3 baking trays with baking paper. Place the basil stems, tomato and garlic on 1 prepared tray. Drizzle with the vinegar and 1 1/2 tbs of the oil. Sprinkle with the sugar and fennel. Season. Roast for 12 minutes or until tender.
937	2	Step 2	Spread breadcrumbs over the second prepared tray. Spray well with olive oil. Season. Bake, stirring once, for 2-3 minutes or until golden.
937	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, cook pasta in a large saucepan of boiling salted water until al dente. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup cooking liquid. Return the pasta and reserved liquid to saucepan.
937	4	Step 4	Brush the cheese with a little oil. Season. Press in crumbs to coat. Place on the remaining tray and bake for 5-6 minutes or until soft.
937	5	Step 5	Discard the basil stems. Add tomato mixture, three-quarters of the basil leaves and the remaining oil to the pasta. Gently toss to combine. Top with the cheese and sprinkle with the remaining basil.
938	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Line a shallow roasting pan with baking paper. Arrange tomato in pan. Spray lightly with oil. Roast on lower oven shelf for 40 minutes or until light golden.
938	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place prosciutto in a single layer on a lightly greased baking tray. Roast on shelf above tomato for 8 to 10 minutes or until golden and crisp. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.
938	3	Step 3	Combine 2 tablespoons oil and garlic in a small bowl. Cut twelve 1cm-thick slices from ciabatta loaf. Brush both sides with oil mixture. Place bread in a single layer on baking tray. Bake on shelf above tomato for 10 minutes or until crisp and lightly toasted. Set aside to cool. Break prosciutto into pieces.
938	4	Step 4	Place roast tomato on toast. Arrange on plates with watercress, avocado and prosciutto. Combine vinegar and remaining oil in a jug. Drizzle over salads. Top with parmesan. Season with salt and pepper and serve.
939	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Line 2 large baking trays with non-stick baking paper. Place the tomato, cut-side up, on the lined trays. Season with salt and pepper. Bake in oven for 45 minutes or until soft and light golden. Set aside for 20 minutes to cool slightly.
939	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place the bread slices, in a single layer, on 2 baking trays and lightly spray with olive oil spray. Bake in oven for 8 minutes. Turn the bread slices and lightly spray with olive oil spray. Bake for a further 8 minutes or until crisp and light golden. Set aside to cool completely.
939	3	Step 3	Combine the tomato, garlic and vinegar in a large bowl. Spoon the mixture into serving bowls and serve with the crostini.
940	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Remove the tomatoes from the truss. Cut the tomatoes in half. Place the tomatoes and garlic in a baking dish. Drizzle with the olive oil and season. Roast for 40 minutes. Set aside to cool.
940	2	Step 2	Squeeze the garlic from the skins. Use a hand blender or food processor to blend the tomatoes, garlic, capsicum and 1 cup water until smooth. Stir in the vinegar. Refrigerate until well chilled. Season.
940	3	Step 3	Combine the lemon rind, red onion and croutons in a small bowl. Dice the avocado and brush with the lemon juice. Divide the chilled soup among serving bowls. Top with the crouton mixture and diced avocado. Drizzle with the olive oil and serve with a lime wedge.
941	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Place tomatoes in a roasting pan. Combine vinegar and sugar in a small jug, stirring until sugar has almost dissolved. Pour over tomatoes. Roast for 25 to 30 minutes or until tomatoes are tender.
941	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cook pasta in a large saucepan of boiling salted water, following packet directions, until tender. Drain and return to pan. Add spinach, pesto and feta and toss gently over low heat until just combined. Season with salt and pepper.
941	3	Step 3	Divide pasta between bowls. Spoon over roast tomatoes and any juice. Top with parmesan. Serve.
942	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Bring the stock just to the boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat and hold at a gentle simmer.
942	2	Step 2	Melt the butter in a large heavy-based saucepan over medium heat until foaming. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, for 4 minutes or until soft. Add rice and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until grains appear slightly glassy.
942	3	Step 3	Add a ladleful (about 125ml/1/2 cup) of stock to the rice mixture and stir constantly with a wooden spoon until all the liquid is absorbed. Continue to add stock, a ladleful at a time, stirring constantly and allowing the liquid to be absorbed before adding more. Cook for 25 minutes or until rice is tender but firm to the bite and risotto is creamy.
942	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, place the tomatoes in a roasting pan. Drizzle with oil and toss to coat. Roast in oven for 15-20 minutes or until the tomatoes are tender but still hold their shape. Remove from oven.
942	5	Step 5	Add tomatoes, half the parmesan and half the parsley to the risotto and stir to combine. Taste and season with salt.
942	6	Step 6	Spoon risotto among serving bowls. Sprinkle with remaining parmesan and parsley, and serve immediately.
943	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Arrange tomato and onion, in a single layer, on prepared tray. Roast in oven for 1 hour or until soft and lightly browned. Set aside for 15 minutes to cool.
943	2	Step 2	Transfer the tomato and onion to the bowl of a food processor and process until pulpy. Add the vinegar, season with pepper and process until smooth.
944	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Place tomatoes, cut-side up, in a large roasting pan. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons of the oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes or until tender. Remove from oven. (Roasting the tomatoes draws out excess water and intensifies the flavour.)
944	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat the remaining oil in a large saucepan over medium-low heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes or until onion softens.
944	3	Step 3	Add the tomatoes and tomato paste to the onion mixture and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until well combined. Remove from heat and set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly.
944	4	Step 4	Use a hand blender to blend until smooth. (Alternatively, place the tomato mixture in the bowl of a food process and process until smooth.)
944	5	Step 5	Taste and season with salt and pepper. Stir over low heat for 5 minutes or until hot. Serve immediately as desired or set aside for 15 minutes to cool, then store in an airtight container in the fridge or freezer.
945	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Lightly grease a large, ceramic baking dish. Cut a cross in the base of each tomato. Place tomatoes in a large, heatproof bowl. Cover with boiling water. Set aside for 2 to 3 minutes or until skin lifts slightly. Drain. Peel and deseed tomatoes. Roughly chop flesh.
945	2	Step 2	Combine tomatoes, onion, garlic, oregano and wine in prepared dish. Lightly spray with oil. Cover with foil. Roast for 30 minutes. Remove foil. Roast for 45 minutes or until tomatoes are very soft and onion tender. Stand for 10 minutes.
945	3	Step 3	Blend or process tomato mixture until almost smooth. Spoon into hot sterilised jars (see note). Seal. Turn jars upside down for 2 minutes. Turn right side up. Allow to cool. Store in fridge unopened for 1 week. Once opened, store in fridge for up to 2 days.
946	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan forced. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Cut a shallow cross in the bottom of truss tomatoes. Place in a heatproof bowl. Cover with boiling water. Stand for 1 minute or until skin starts to lift. Drain. Refresh under cold running water. Peel. Halve. Remove seeds.
946	2	Step 2	Place combined tomato and onion on lined tray. Drizzle with 2 tsp of the oil. Sprinkle with sugar. Season. Roast for 30 minutes or until collapsed.
946	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, place garlic clove on a baking tray. Spray with olive oil. Roast for 12 minutes or until tender. Peel. Place basil in a heatproof bowl. Cover with boiling water. Immediately drain. Refresh in iced water. Drain. Squeeze out excess moisture. Place basil, garlic and remaining oil in a jug. Use a stick blender to process until smooth. Season.
946	4	Step 4	Place tomato mixture and stock in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to boil. Simmer for 5 minutes or until tender. Use a stick blender to process until smooth. Season.
946	5	Step 5	Heat a non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Spray with olive oil. Season prawns. Cook, turning, for 3-4 minutes or until prawns change colour. Remove from heat. Stir through lemon juice. Divide soup among bowls. Top with prawns. Sprinkle with feta and basil. Drizzle with basil oil. Serve with Tabasco if desired.
947	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Coarsely chop the tomatoes on a green chopping board. Place the tomato on the prepared tray and drizzle with oil. Add the olives, garlic and oregano, and sprinkle with pepper. Gently toss to combine. Roast in preheated oven for 45 minutes or until soft. Remove from oven. Cover with foil to keep warm.
947	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, bring a large saucepan of water to the boil over high heat. Add the green beans and broad beans and cook for 2-3 minutes or until bright green and tender crisp. Drain and refresh under cold running water. Drain well. Peel the broad beans and discard skins. Place green beans and broad beans in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper.
947	3	Step 3	Place roast-tomato mixture in a fine sieve over a small saucepan. Allow juices to collect in the saucepan. Transfer roast-tomato mixture to a bowl. Place tomato juices over medium-low heat. Simmer for 10 minutes or until reduced to about 125ml (1/2 cup). Remove from heat. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
947	4	Step 4	Spoon roast-tomato mixture among serving plates. Top with bean mixture and drizzle with the reduced tomato juice. Top with a spoonful of goat's cheese and serve immediately.
948	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan forced. Place tomato, cut-side up, on a lined tray. Drizzle with 2 tsp of the oil. Sprinkle with the sugar. Season. Roast for 25 minutes or until tender and lightly caramelised.
948	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat 2 tbs of the remaining oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Cook chilli and garlic, stirring, for 30 seconds or until aromatic. Add eggplant and cook, stirring, for 8 minutes or until tender. Season well.
948	3	Step 3	Cook pasta in a large saucepan of boiling salted water until al dente. Drain, reserving 60ml (1/4 cup) cooking liquid. Return to saucepan. Add tomato, eggplant mixture and liquid to pan. Toss to combine.
948	4	Step 4	Combine pesto, water and remaining oil in a small bowl. Divide pasta among serving plates. Top with a dollop of pesto mixture and scatter with pecorino.
949	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Line a roasting pan with baking paper. Place tomatoes and onion into roasting pan. Spray with oil. Crush garlic over tomatoes and onion. Sprinkle with sugar, and salt and pepper. Toss well to coat. Roast for 20 minutes, or until tomatoes are tender but still hold their shape.
949	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, cook rice by the absorption method, following packet directions. Set aside to cool to room temperature. Stir gently with a fork to separate grains.
949	3	Step 3	Drain feta, reserving 2 tablespoons of oil. Crumble feta over rice. Add pine nuts, parsley, tomato and onion mixture, and salt and pepper to rice. Drizzle with reserved feta oil. Stir gently to combine. Serve at room temperature.
950	1	Step 1	Cut tomatoes into quarters, add sugar, salt and pepper. Heat a non-stick pan on high heat and fry tomatoes cut-side down until slightly charred. Set aside to cool.
950	2	Step 2	Place the rocket, tomato and macadamias in a serving bowl.
950	3	Step 3	Place remaining ingredients in a bowl and whisk to combine. Toss the dressing through the salad and serve.
951	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 220°C.
951	2	Step 2	Place tomatoes on a baking tray, drizzle with oil and season with sea salt and pepper. Roast in oven for 15 minutes, then set aside and keep warm.
951	3	Step 3	Melt the butter in a saucepan, then add flour and cook over low heat, stirring, for 1 minute. Add beer, mustard and cheese, and stir until creamy, but don't allow it to boil. Remove from heat, add egg yolk and stir until well combined. Toast bread slices, evenly spread with cheese mixture, and place under a grill until hot and bubbling. Top with tomatoes and garnish with some chives.
952	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Place tomatoes, stem side down, on a board. Slice each tomato into 3 thick rounds.
952	2	Step 2	Combine ricotta, basil and salt and pepper in a bowl. Sandwich tomato slices together with ricotta mixture. Place tomatoes, stem side up, in a small baking dish just large enough to hold them.
952	3	Step 3	Place bread and garlic in a food processor. Process to crumbs. Sprinkle  garlic crumbs over tomatoes. Roast, uncovered, for 20 minutes or until crumbs are golden and tomatoes are just tender.
952	4	Step 4	Divide salad leaves between serving plates. Place a tomato on each plate. Drizzle with vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. Serve.
953	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C or 160C fan. Cook turkey in the foil container packaging for 1 hr, or until cooked through.
953	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place sweet potatoes and oil on a small baking tray and toss to combine. Bake for 45 mins, or until tender and golden.
953	3	Step 3	Microwave baby broccoli mix according to packet directions. Remove turkey from container and slice. Serve with vegetables and gravy.
954	1	Step 1	Make stuffing: Melt butter in a frying pan over medium heat. Add onion. Cook, stirring, for 10 to 12 minutes or until softened. Transfer to a large bowl.
954	2	Step 2	Add breadcrumbs, cranberries, pear, walnut, sage and egg. Stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
954	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 190C/170C fan-forced. Place turkey, skin-side down, on a chopping board with pointed end facing you. Starting from where the 2 breasts join, cut a slit on an angle into 1 breast. Slice breast horizontally through meat (don't cut all the way through). Open meat outwards. Repeat with remaining breast.
954	4	Step 4	Place stuffing on centre of breasts. Fold flaps over to enclose stuffing. Using kitchen string, tie to secure.
954	5	Step 5	Pour 1 cup stock into a flameproof roasting pan. Add turkey, skin-side up. Brush with 1 tablespoon oil. Season with salt and pepper.
954	6	Step 6	Roast, basting with pan juices, for 1 hour 40 minutes or until juice runs clear when pierced in thickest part. Remove from pan. Cover with foil. Set aside for 15 minutes.
954	7	Step 7	Meanwhile, strain and discard fat from pan, reserving pan juices. Heat remaining oil in pan over high heat. Add flour. Cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, for 3 minutes or until flour is browned. Stir reserved pan juices into flour mixture. Gradually add remaining stock. Add thyme. Bring to the boil. Cook, stirring, for 12-15 minutes or until gravy boils and thickens. Serve turkey with gravy.
955	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Place the butter, basil and lemon rind in a small bowl and stir to combine.
955	2	Step 2	Use a small sharp knife to carefully cut down the centre of the turkey on either side of the breast bone. (Cut close to the ribs to ensure the breast is removed from the bone in 1 piece.) Run your fingers under the skin of each breast to loosen the skin and create a large pocket. Press half the butter mixture into the turkey breast pocket of 1 breast. Place half the lemon slices on top of the butter, smoothing the skin over to enclose. Repeat with the remaining butter mixture, turkey breast and lemon slices.
955	3	Step 3	Place the turkey breasts, skin-side up, in a large roasting pan. Season with salt and pepper. Roast in oven for 1 hour or until juices run clear when a skewer is inserted into the thickest part of the turkey. Transfer the turkey to a heatproof plate and cover with foil. Set aside for 10 minutes to rest.
955	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, to make the white wine gravy, place the roasting pan containing the pan juices over high heat. Add the flour and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until mixture bubbles. Gradually add the wine and stock and cook, scraping the pan with a flat-edged wooden spoon to dislodge any bits that have cooked onto the base, until mixture boils. Boil, stirring occasionally, for 8-10 minutes or until gravy thickens.
955	5	Step 5	Carve turkey across the grain into thin slices. Divide among serving plates and drizzle with white wine gravy to serve.
956	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 190°C/170°C fan-forced. Combine rice, pesto and tomato in a bowl.
956	2	Step 2	Place turkey, skin-side down, on a flat surface. Place stuffing over turkey. Fold over to enclose filling. Secure with kitchen string at 3cm intervals. Place turkey, seam-side down, on a wire rack in a large roasting pan. Brush with oil. Season with salt and pepper. Pour 2 cups boiling water into pan to cover base.
956	3	Step 3	Roast for 40 minutes. Remove pan and turkey from oven. Add more water to pan if necessary. Cover turkey and pan loosely with foil. Roast for 30 to 35 minutes or until cooked through and juices run clear when thickest part of turkey is pierced with a skewer. Remove from oven. Stand for 10 minutes. Thickly slice. Serve.
957	1	Step 1	To prepare the stuffing: Melt butter in a frying pan over medium heat. Add leek. Cook, stirring for 5 minutes or until softened.
957	2	Step 2	Add garlic and bacon. Cook, stirring for 3 minutes or until bacon is golden. Transfer to a heatproof bowl. Set aside for 10 minutes to cool.
957	3	Step 3	Stir in almonds, tarragon, breadcrumbs and egg. Season with pepper.
957	4	Step 4	Preheat oven to 180C (160C fan-forced). Discard neck from turkey. Rinse turkey (including cavity) until cold water.
957	5	Step 5	Pat dry inside and out with paper towel. Loosely fill neck cavity with stuffing. Secure skin over neck cavity with toothpicks to enclose stuffing. Loosely fill large cavity with remaining stuffing. Secure skin over cavity with toothpicks. Tie legs together with kitchen string.
957	6	Step 6	Place turkey on a greased wire rack in a large roasting pan. Pour 2 cups cold water into pan.
957	7	Step 7	Brush turkey with butter. Season with salt and pepper. Cover pan tightly with lightly greased foil.
957	8	Step 8	Roast for 2 hours. Remove foil. Roast for a further 40 to 50 minutes or until turkey is golden and juices run clear when the thigh is pierced with a skewer.
957	9	Step 9	Cover turkey loosely with foil. Let it rest for 10 minutes. Remove and discard the toothpicks and string.
957	10	Step 10	Serve turkey with gravy and beans.
958	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C. Melt half the butter in a medium frying pan over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic and prosciutto. Cook, stirring, for 5 mins or until onion softens. Remove from heat. Transfer to a large bowl. Add the breadcrumbs, apple, walnuts, half the tarragon and half the lemon zest. Gently toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
958	2	Step 2	Remove excess fat, giblets and neck from turkey. Wipe the turkey inside and out with paper towel.
958	3	Step 3	Loosely fill the turkey cavity with the stuffing. Use kitchen string to tie the legs together. Tuck the wings under the turkey.
958	4	Step 4	Place a wire rack in the base of a large roasting pan. Lightly grease the rack. Place the turkey, breast-side up, on the wire rack. Combine the remaining butter, tarragon and lemon zest. Carefully spread half the butter mixture over the turkey breast.
958	5	Step 5	Pour the stock around the base of the roasting pan. Cover with baking paper, then cover with foil. Roast, basting turkey occasionally, for 2 hours.
958	6	Step 6	Uncover the turkey. Brush the breast with the remaining butter mixture. Continue roasting, basting occasionally, for 1 hour or until the juices run clear when the thickest part of the thigh is pierced with a skewer (alternatively when the turkey temperature reaches 80°C on a meat thermometer). Transfer to a platter and cover with foil. Set aside for 20 mins to rest.
958	7	Step 7	To make the gravy, pour juices from the roasting pan into a heatproof jug. Discard the fat from the surface, reserving 2 tbs. Return reserved fat to roasting pan. Place over medium-high heat. Add the flour and cook, stirring with a flat-bottomed wooden spoon, for 2 mins or until mixture begins to bubble. Add the apple cider, mustard and reserved pan juices. Cook, stirring constantly, for 5 mins or until gravy boils and thickens. Remove from heat. Strain into a gravy boat to serve.
958	8	Step 8	Serve the turkey with the roasted potatoes, pumpkin and sweet potato, gravy and cranberry sauce.
959	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Place an oven shelf in the lowest position and remove the other shelves.
959	2	Step 2	To make stuffing, combine breadcrumbs, apricot, pistachio and parsley in a bowl. Add eggs and mix until combined.
959	3	Step 3	Remove excess fat, giblets and neck from turkey cavity. Wipe inside and out with paper towel. Loosely fill with the breadcrumb mixture. Use unwaxed white kitchen string to tie the legs together. Tuck the wings under. Add a little water to a roasting pan. Place the turkey, breast-side up, on a wire rack in the pan.
959	4	Step 4	Brush the turkey with some of the butter. Cover with non-stick baking paper, then with foil. Roast in oven, basting every 30 minutes with the remaining butter, for 2 1/2 hours. Remove paper and foil. Baste with the remaining butter. Bake for a further 45 minutes or until golden and juices run clear when the thickest part of the thigh is pierced with a skewer. Transfer to a carving tray and cover loosely with foil. Set aside for 15 minutes to rest before carving.
960	1	Step 1	Make Apricot and hazelnut stuffing: Melt butter in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until softened. Cool 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl. Add hazelnuts, apricot, coriander, breadcrumbs and egg. Mix well to combine.
960	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan-forced. Remove and discard neck from turkey. Rinse turkey (including cavity) under cold water. Pat dry inside and out with paper towel. Loosely fill neck cavity with stuffing. Using toothpicks, secure skin over neck cavity to enclose stuffing. Loosely fill large cavity with remaining stuffing. Secure skin over cavity with toothpicks. Tie legs together with kitchen string. Tuck wings under turkey.
960	3	Step 3	Place turkey on a greased wire rack in a large roasting pan. Pour 1 1/2 cups cold water into pan. Rub turkey all over with butter. Season with salt and pepper. Cover pan tightly with greased foil. Roast for 2 hours. Remove foil. Roast for 1 hour 20 minutes, basting with pan juices after 1 hour, or until browned and juices run clear when thigh is pierced with a skewer. Cover loosely with foil. Stand for 10 minutes. Serve.
961	1	Step 1	Make Apricot and hazelnut stuffing; Place hazelnuts in a frying pan over medium heat. Cook, tossing occasionally, for 4 minutes or until golden and toasted. Transfer to a large heatproof bowl. Set aside. Melt butter in frying pan over medium heat. Add onion. Cook, stirring, for 10 minutes or until softened. Add garlic and sage. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until fragrant. Set aside for 5 minutes to cool. Add to hazelnuts. Stir in breadcrumbs and apricots. Season with salt and pepper.  Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan-forced. Remove and discard neck from turkey. Pat dry inside and out with paper towel. Loosely fill neck cavity with stuffing. Using toothpicks, secure skin over neck cavity to enclose stuffing. Fill large cavity with remaining stuffing. Secure skin over cavity with toothpicks. Tie legs together with kitchen string. Tuck wings under turkey.
961	2	Step 2	Place turkey on a greased wire rack in a large roasting pan. Pour 3 cups water into pan. Place 1/2 the conserve and 1/2 the honey in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on HIGH (100%) for 30 seconds or until melted. Brush turkey all over with honey mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Cover pan tightly with lightly greased foil. Roast turkey for 1 hour 20 minutes.
961	3	Step 3	Place remaining conserve and honey in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on HIGH (100%) for 30 seconds or until melted. Remove and discard foil from turkey. Roast for a further 1 hour 40 minutes, basting every 20 minutes with honey mixture, or until turkey is golden and juices run clear when thigh is pierced with a skewer (see note). Cover with foil. Stand for 15 minutes.
961	4	Step 4	Remove and discard string and toothpicks from turkey. Transfer to a platter. Serve with stuffing and gravy.
962	1	Step 1	Make stuffing: Melt butter in a frying pan over medium heat. Add leek and garlic. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add bacon. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until leek has softened. Transfer to a bowl. Stir in prune, walnut, sage and breadcrumbs.
962	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Discard neck from turkey. Rinse turkey (including cavity) under cold water. Pat dry inside and out with paper towel. Loosely fill neck cavity with stuffing. Secure skin over neck cavity with toothpicks to enclose stuffing. Loosely fill large cavity with remaining stuffing. Secure skin over cavity with toothpicks. Tie legs together with kitchen string.
962	3	Step 3	Place turkey on a greased wire rack in a large roasting pan. Pour 1 1/2 cups cold water into pan. Brush turkey with oil. Season with salt and pepper. Cover pan tightly with lightly greased foil. Roast for 2 hours. Remove foil. Roast for 40 to 50 minutes or until turkey is browned and juices run clear when thigh is pierced with a skewer. Cover turkey loosely with foil. Stand for 10 minutes. Remove and discard toothpicks and string. Serve with gravy.
963	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Place a wire rack over a baking dish. Place turkey roast on rack. Pour 1 cup of water into base of dish. Cook for 1 hour and 40 minutes, turning once, or until browned and cooked through. Cover turkey with foil if over-browning while cooking.
963	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, place potatoes, lemon, garlic, chilli, oregano and thyme in a baking dish. Season with salt and pepper. Drizzle with 1 ½ tablespoons oil. Toss to coat. Bake potato mixture for the last hour of turkey cooking time.
963	3	Step 3	Place parsley, nuts, onion, vinegar, sugar snaps and remaining oil in a bowl. Toss gently to combine. Serve slices of turkey with potato mixture, and parsley salad.
964	1	Step 1	To make Stuffing: Place couscous in a large heatproof bowl. Pour over 3/4 cup boiling water, set aside for 15 mins.
964	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat oil in a small frying pan on medium. Cook onion for 5 mins until soft. Add Craisins and cook for another 1 min. Fluff up couscous with a fork. Add onion mixture, dip, walnuts and parsley and mix to combine.  Season well.
964	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 180C or 160C fan-forced. Rinse out turkey and pat dry with paper towels. Spoon stuffing into cavity. Bring neck skin over and secure with small metal skewer. Weigh stuffed turkey and calculate cooking time.
964	4	Step 4	To truss, place turkey on its back and tie legs together with kitchen string. Cross string over the legs then under and over the wings. Cross string under the body and tie at legs. Rub butter all over turkey, season well with salt and pepper.
964	5	Step 5	Place turkey on a rack in a large baking pan. Cover with greased foil. Roast for calculated cooking time, basting every 20 mins. Remove foil for last 30 mins of cooking to brown.  o test if cooked, insert a skewer or fork into thickest part of thigh - turkey is cooked if juices run clear.  Remove from oven and rest for 15 mins before slicing.
965	1	Step 1	Make stuffing: Place stock in a saucepan. Cover. Bring to the boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low. Simmer until needed. Heat oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until soft. Add rice. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute.
965	2	Step 2	Add 1/3 cup stock. Cook, stirring, for 1 to 2 minutes or until stock has absorbed. Repeat with remaining stock, 1/3 cup at a time, until all liquid has absorbed and rice is tender and creamy (this will take about 25 minutes). Stir in parsley, mint, rosemary, capsicum and almonds. Season with salt and pepper.
965	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Remove and discard neck from turkey. Rinse turkey (including cavity) under cold water. Pat dry inside and out with paper towel. Loosely fill large cavity with stuffing. Tie legs together with kitchen string.
965	4	Step 4	Place turkey on a greased wire rack in a large, flameproof roasting pan. Pour 2 cups cold water into pan. Brush turkey with oil. Season with salt. Cover pan tightly with lightly greased foil. Roast for 2 hours. Remove foil. Roast for 40 to 50 minutes or until turkey is browned and juices run clear when thigh is pierced with a skewer. Transfer to a platter or board. Cover loosely with foil. Stand for 10 minutes.
965	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, skim liquid from pan, leaving 2 tablespoons in pan. Place pan over high heat. Add flour. Cook, stirring, for 3 to 4 minutes or until bubbling. Slowly add stock. Cook, stirring, for 5 to 6 minutes or until thickened. Strain into a jug.
965	6	Step 6	Remove and discard string from turkey. Serve with stuffing, gravy, and Garlic and fennel roast potatoes (see related recipe).
966	1	Step 1	Make Cherry, Balsamic and Thyme Stuffing: Melt butter in a frying pan over medium heat. Add onion. Cook, stirring, for 6 to 8 minutes until softened. Add garlic and thyme. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until fragrant. Add vinegar. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Remove from heat. Set aside for 10 minutes to cool. Stir in breadcrumbs and cherries. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside to cool (see notes).
966	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan-forced. Remove and discard neck from turkey. Pat dry inside and out with paper towel. Loosely fill neck cavity with some of the stuffing. Using toothpicks, secure skin over neck cavity to enclose stuffing. Fill large cavity with remaining stuffing. Secure skin over cavity with toothpicks. Tie legs together with kitchen string. Tuck wings under turkey.
966	3	Step 3	Place turkey on a greased wire rack in a large, flameproof roasting pan. Pour 3 cups water into pan (see notes). Brush turkey all over with melted butter. Season with salt and pepper. Cover pan tightly with lightly greased foil. Roast turkey for 1 hour 20 minutes.
966	4	Step 4	Remove and discard foil. Roast turkey, basting with pan juices twice during cooking, for a further 1 hour 40 minutes or until turkey is golden and juices run clear when thigh is pierced with a skewer. Carefully transfer turkey to a plate. Cover with foil. Set aside to rest for 15 minutes.
966	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, make Gravy: Skim fat from roasting pan, leaving 1/4 cup pan juices. Place pan over high heat. Add flour. Cook, stirring, for 3 to 5 minutes or until mixture turns golden. Reduce heat to low. Gradually stir in wine and stock until smooth and combined. Increase heat to high. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer, stirring constantly, for 10 minutes or until thickened. Remove from heat. Season with salt and pepper.
966	6	Step 6	Remove and discard string and toothpicks. Carve turkey and serve with stuffing, gravy, roasted vegetables and steamed green beans.
967	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C or 160C fan-forced. Rinse turkey and pat dry with kitchen paper.
967	2	Step 2	Using fingers, gently loosen skin from breast meat and push butter under skin. Place lemon quarters, halved garlic and parsley sprigs into turkey cavity. Secure cavity with a skewer and tie legs with kitchen twine. Place on a rack in a baking pan, brush with 1 tbsp oil and season well. Cover with foil. Bake for 1 hour.
967	3	Step 3	Remove foil and bake for a further 1 hr 30 mins, or until juices run clear when a skewer is inserted in thickest part of the turkey. Rest turkey for 10 mins.
967	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, heat remaining oil in a frying pan on medium. Cook onion for 5 mins, or until softened. Add chopped garlic. Cook for 1 min, or until fragrant. Add breadcrumbs. Cook for 5 mins, stirring, until crisp and golden. Remove from heat. Add chopped parsley, zest and juice, craisins, pine nuts and chopped thyme. Season and combine.
967	5	Step 5	Carve turkey. Garnish with bay leaves and thyme, and serve with breadcrumbs and gravy. Accompany this crispy turkey with Brussels sprouts.
968	1	Step 1	Make stuffing. Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Remove and discard neck from turkey. Rinse turkey (including cavity) under cold water. Pat dry inside and out with paper towel. Loosely fill neck cavity with stuffing. Using toothpicks, secure skin over neck cavity to enclose stuffing. Loosely fill large cavity with remaining stuffing. Secure skin over cavity with toothpicks. Tie legs together with kitchen string.
968	2	Step 2	Place turkey on a greased wire rack in a large roasting pan. Pour 1½ cups cold water into pan. Brush turkey with melted butter. Season with salt and pepper. Cover pan tightly with greased foil. Roast for 2 hours. Remove foil. Roast for 1 hour 20 minutes, basting with pan juices after 1 hour, or until browned and juices run clear when thigh is pierced with a skewer. Cover loosely with foil. Stand for 10 minutes.
968	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, make bread sauce Place onion, cloves, bay leaf, peppercorns and milk in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook for 5 minutes or until mixture just comes to a simmer. Set aside for 20 minutes for flavours to develop. Strain mixture, discarding solids. Wipe pan clean. Return mixture to pan. Add breadcrumbs. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until slightly thickened. Stir in cream. Season with salt and pepper.
968	4	Step 4	Serve turkey with bread sauce.
969	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Remove plastic from turkey, leaving foil on. Place into a large roasting pan.
969	2	Step 2	Place pumpkin, kumara, onions and oil into a bowl. Season. Toss to coat. Place into pan with turkey.
969	3	Step 3	Roast for 1 hour. Remove foil from turkey. Roast a further 20 to 25 minutes or until cooked through.
969	4	Step 4	Remove turkey from pan. Cover with foil and set aside to rest. Remove vegetables from pan. Keep warm in oven.
969	5	Step 5	To make gravy: Place roasting pan onto stove top over medium-high heat. Add butter. When melted, add flour. Stir for 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Combine remaining ingredients in a bowl. Slowly add to pan, stirring until smooth. Return pan to stove top. Bring to the boil, stirring, over medium heat. Reduce heat. Simmer for 5 minutes or until gravy thickens slightly.
969	6	Step 6	Slice turkey and serve with vegetables and gravy.
970	1	Step 1	To make the stuffing, heat the oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add the onion, pancetta and pine nuts and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until onion softens. Add the garlic and rosemary. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until fragrant. Remove from heat. Stir in breadcrumbs and parsley. Season with pepper.
970	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 180°C. Remove and discard the turkey neck. Rinse the turkey, inside and out, under cold running water. Pat dry, inside and out, with paper towel. Spoon the stuffing into the cavity. Tie the legs together with kitchen string and tuck the wings under the turkey.
970	3	Step 3	Place the turkey on a greased wire rack in a roasting pan. Pour 2 cups (500ml) water into the base of the pan. Brush the turkey with the butter. Cover the turkey and pan tightly with greased foil and roast for 1 hour. Remove the foil and return to oven. Baste the turkey with pan juices every 20 minutes and add more water to the pan if necessary, for a further 1 hour and 40 minutes or until golden and juices run clear when thigh is pierced with a skewer. Cover loosely with foil and set aside to rest for 20 minutes.
970	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, to make the relish, heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook the onion, stirring, for 5 minutes or until soft. Add the apple, cranberries, cinnamon, sherry or port, sugar and vinegar. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, uncovered, for 15 minutes or until mixture has thickened. Serve relish warm or at room temperature.
970	5	Step 5	Place the turkey on a serving platter and serve with the relish.
971	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C (180°C fan-forced).
971	2	Step 2	Rinse turkey in cold running water and pat dry, inside and out, with paper towel. Fill cavity and neck pocket with stuffing, tie legs together with kitchen string, then tuck wings under. Place on a lightly greased oven rack inside a large roasting pan. Brush turkey all over with some of the melted butter and season with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper.
971	3	Step 3	Pour 2-3 cups (500-750ml) water into pan. Place 2 sheets of foil overlapping on a bench, then lightly grease with some of the butter and use to tightly cover the roasting pan. Roast for 2 hours 20 minutes. Remove foil, brush turkey with remaining butter and add extra water if pan is almost dry. Roast for a further 35-45 minutes, until skin is golden and juices run clear when a skewer is inserted in the thigh (or test using a meat thermometer). Remove turkey from pan and rest, covered loosely with foil, for 15-20 minutes. Use pan juices to make a gravy, if desired.
972	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200°C. Use a sharp knife to cut down the centre of the turkey buffe either side of the breast bone. Cut close to the ribs to remove breasts from the bone. Run your finger under the skin of each breast at the top to create a pocket.
972	2	Step 2	Combine fresh breadcrumbs, dried peaches, pistachio kernels, fresh parsley and egg. Press into the pocket.
972	3	Step 3	Place the turkey, potatoes, pumpkin, garlic cloves and fresh bay leaves in a tray. Drizzle with olive oil. Roast for 40 minutes. Cover and set aside for 10 minutes. Serve with the vegetables and salad.
973	1	Step 1	Make Peach, pistachio and orange stuffing: Melt butter in a frying pan over medium heat. Add onion. Cook, stirring, for 10 minutes or until softened. Transfer to a heatproof bowl. Stand for 5 minutes to cool. Add breadcrumbs, peaches, pistachios, rind, parsley and egg. Season with salt and pepper. Stir until combined.
973	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan-forced. Remove and discard neck from turkey. Rinse turkey (including cavity) under cold water. Pat dry inside and out with paper towel. Loosely fill neck cavity with stuffing. Using toothpicks, secure skin over neck cavity to enclose stuffing. Fill large cavity with remaining stuffing. Secure skin over cavity with toothpicks. Tie legs together with kitchen string. Tuck wings under turkey.
973	3	Step 3	Place turkey on a greased wire rack in a large, flameproof roasting pan. Pour stock into pan. Brush turkey with melted butter. Season with salt and pepper. Cover pan tightly with lightly greased foil. Roast turkey for 1 hour. Remove foil. Roast for a further 1 hour 40 minutes, basting turkey frequently with pan juices, or until turkey is golden and juices run clear when thigh is pierced with a skewer (add more stock to pan if stock dries up). Cover with foil. Stand for 15 minutes. Transfer to a platter.
973	4	Step 4	Make Gravy: Skim fat from pan, leaving 1/4 cup juices. Place pan over high heat. Add flour. Cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until bubbling. Slowly add stock. Stir until smooth. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium- low. Simmer, stirring, for 10 minutes or until thickened. Season with salt and pepper.
973	5	Step 5	Remove and discard string and toothpicks from turkey. Serve with stuffing and gravy.
974	1	Step 1	Melt half the butter in a frying pan over medium heat. Cook onion, stirring, for 3 to 4 minutes or until softened. Stir in breadcrumbs, pistachios, lemon rind, 2 tablespoons lemon juice and half the chopped thyme. Cook for 1 minute or until breadcrumbs are golden. Remove from heat.
974	2	Step 2	Place turkey, skin-side down, on a board. Press stuffing onto 1 turkey breast. Sandwich together to enclose stuffing. Tie with kitchen string at 3cm intervals.
974	3	Step 3	Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan-forced. Place remaining butter in a microwave-safe dish. Microwave on medium (50%) for 1 minute or until melted. Place thyme sprigs in a large roasting pan. Add 3/4 cup cold water. Place turkey, skin-side-up, on sprigs. Brush turkey with melted butter. Season with salt and pepper. Roast for 2 hours or until browned and cooked through.
974	4	Step 4	Transfer turkey to a plate. Cover with foil. Stand for 10 minutes before slicing.
974	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, place pan over medium heat. Remove and discard thyme sprigs. Add gravy powder to pan juices. Gradually stir in boiling water. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 2 minutes or until slightly thickened. Stir in remaining lemon juice and chopped thyme. Serve turkey with gravy.
975	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Soak the couscous in 2 cups of water for 5 mins. Use a fork to separate grains. Stir in almonds, figs and cinnamon.
975	2	Step 2	Remove the foil from the turkey and set foil aside. Score skin at 2cm intervals. Brush with the olive oil and rub with salt. Cover with foil. Place on a wire rack in a baking dish. Cook for 1 hour.
975	3	Step 3	Remove foil and cook for a further 30 minutes or until the juices run clear when pierced with a skewer.
975	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, place sweet potato on a baking paper lined tray. Drizzle with oil and season with salt and pepper. Wrap each pear quarter in prosciutto and add to tray. Add to oven 40 mins into cooking time.
975	5	Step 5	Rest turkey for 10 mins before slicing. Reheat couscous and serve with sweet potato, pears and turkey.
976	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C or 160C fan-forced. Rinse turkey and pat dry. Mix together butter and cranberry sauce. Using fingers, gently loosen skin from breast meat and push butter under skin.
976	2	Step 2	Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Cook onion for 5 mins, until soft. Add chorizo and cook, stirring, for 2-3 mins, until browned. Transfer to a bowl. Add haloumi, breadcrumbs, parsley and prunes. Mix to combine. Fill turkey cavity with stuffing. Secure cavity with a skewer and tie legs with kitchen string. Place on a rack in a baking pan, brush with remaining oil and season well. Cover with foil. Bake for 1 hour 30 mins.
976	3	Step 3	Remove foil and bake for another 1 hour, or until the juices run clear when a skewer is inserted into the thickest part of turkey. Rest for 10 mins before carving. Serve with gravy, stuffing and extra cranberry sauce.
977	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Remove plastic from turkey. Place turkey into a large roasting  pan, leaving foil intact. Roast for 30 minutes.
977	2	Step 2	Combine vegetables in a bowl. Place 1/2 cup of jelly and butter into a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, for 5 minutes or until melted and well combined. Pour over vegetables. Toss to coat.
977	3	Step 3	Remove turkey from oven. Arrange vegetables around turkey. Roast for 1 hour. Remove foil from turkey. Roast turkey and vegetables a further 30 minutes, or until golden and cooked through. Remove to a large ovenproof platter. Keep warm in a 150°C oven.
977	4	Step 4	Place roasting pan onto stovetop over medium heat. Add flour to pan juices. Stir to combine. Cook for 2 minutes. Add remaining jelly and stock, whisking, until well combined. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat. Simmer for 8 minutes, or until reduced by one-third. Serve with turkey and vegetables.
978	1	Step 1	Heat a large heavy frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the oil and then add the lamb mince. Cook, breaking up the mince with a spoon, for about 8 minutes, or until brown. If the mince exudes a lot of oil, strain the cooked mince in a sieve and discard the excess oil, then return the mince to the pan.
978	2	Step 2	Reduce the heat to medium and then add the onion, capsicum, celery, and garlic. Cook, stirring often, for about 5 minutes, or until the onion begins to turn translucent. Stir in the water and cook, scraping up the brown bits from the bottom of the pan, for about 1 minute, or until the water reduces by about half.
978	3	Step 3	Reduce the heat to medium-low. Stir in the tomato sauce, soy sauce, Worcestershire, and tomato paste and cook for about 8 minutes, or until the sauce reduces and the mixture thickens slightly. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
978	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, to make the slaw, in a large bowl, whisk the yoghurt, lime zest and juice and cumin to blend. Add the cabbage, cucumber, and mint and toss to coat. Season the slaw to taste with salt and pepper.
978	5	Step 5	To serve, spoon the lamb mixture on the bun bottoms, then top with some of the slaw and then the bun tops. Mound the remaining slaw alongside the sloppy Joes and enjoy!
979	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 240C or 220C fan forced. Bake wedges, in a single layer, on a baking tray for 15 mins or until golden. Place in heatproof dishes.
979	2	Step 2	Meanwhile, heat oil in a large frying pan over high heat. Cook onion, capsicum and garlic, stirring, for 5 mins or until soft. Add mince. Cook, breaking up with a wooden spoon, for 5 mins or until browned. Stir in mustard, vinegar, tomato sauce and 1/3 cup water. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 5 mins or until thickened.
979	3	Step 3	Preheat grill on high. Spoon mince mixture over wedges. Top with cheese. Cook for 3-4 mins or until golden. Top with parsley.
980	1	Step 1	Use a large saucepan / stock pot that is preferably not non-stick. Add 1 tablespoon of olive oil, when hot add 1/3 of the meat, caramelise in batches until golden brown on each side. Remove meat from pan, discard juices, set aside and repeat with remaining meat. Add a cup or so of hot water into the pan, swirl around to remove any meat residue and reserve the water.
980	2	Step 2	Add a little more olive oil, add onions and garlic and cook for 3 minutes, then add smoked paprika, cumin, coriander, cinnamon, ground chilli and cook for a further two minutes.
980	3	Step 3	Add diced tomatoes and return beef and reserved cooking water back into the pan. Add 2 cups of water, stir well, bring to the boil then simmer for 3 – 4 hours until meat naturally falls apart. Top up with a little water if it seems like liquid is reducing too quickly and stir occasionally.
980	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, blister chillies by placing on gas stove top turning occasionally until their skin is blackened all over. Place in plastic bag and tie in knot, allowing them to sweat for 10 minutes. Remove from bag and gently flake off blackened skin. Roughly chop chillies and add them to the beef mix.
980	5	Step 5	Beef mixture is ready when the liquid has almost completely reduced, the mixture is thick and the meat is falling apart. When ready season with a little extra salt, and a dash more of smoked paprika, chilli (optional) and cumin.
980	6	Step 6	To make the burritos, cook tortillas according to packet instructions, place a good amount of beef mixture in the centre of the burrito leaving 5 – 10 cms free at the edge so that you can wrap the burrito. Top with cheese, lettuce, red cabbage, sour cream and coriander. Serve with lime wedges.
981	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160C. Soak porcini mushrooms in ½ cup (125ml) warm water for 15 mins. Remove mushrooms, reserving soaking liquid. Coarsely chop mushrooms and reserve.
981	2	Step 2	Heat half the oil in a large oven-proof casserole dish with lid over medium-high heat. Season beef and cook, turning for 5 mins or until browned all over. Remove to plate.
981	3	Step 3	Heat remaining oil in the same pan over medium heat. Add onion, celery and mushrooms and cook for 5 mins. Add garlic and cook for 1 min. Place reserved porcini soaking liquid, stock pot, 2 cups (500ml) boiling water and tomato paste in a jug. Stir to combine. Pour into mushroom mixture, along with porcini mushrooms and wine. Bring to the boil. Return beef to the pan with thyme sprigs. Cover and place in the oven for 3 hours, turning the beef twice. Add carrots in the last 30 mins of cooking.
981	4	Step 4	Garnish beef with thyme sprigs and serve with mashed potato and steamed green beans.
982	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Use a small sharp knife to make slits over a 2kg lamb leg. Cut 4 garlic cloves in half and press into the slits in the lamb. Combine 1 tablespoon sea salt, 1 lemon, rind finely grated and 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary.
982	2	Step 2	Rub the lemon mixture over the lamb. Place the lamb and 12 baby coliban (chat) potatoes on a wire rack in a roasting pan.
982	3	Step 3	Pour 1 cup of each (250ml) lemon juice, white wine and water into the pan Cover with foil and roast for 1 1/2 hours or until tender. Uncover and roast for 30 minutes. Serve the lamb with the potatoes and steamed vegetables.
983	1	Step 1	Using a medium sized saucepan, add oil and place over medium heat, add onions and cook until translucent then add garlic and ginger and cook for a further 2 minutes. Add cumin, coriander, garam masala, turmeric, salt and chilli flakes and cook for a further 2 minutes, add a little more oil if mixture seems too dry.
983	2	Step 2	Finally add dried chillies (if using), cinnamon stick, diced tomatoes, dried beans and water, bring to the boil then reduce to a simmer and slow cook for 3 – 4 hours or until beans are softened and cooked through, add more water as needed so that mixture does not become dry.
983	3	Step 3	When beans are cooked through, season with salt. Serve with a dollop of natural yoghurt and coriander.
984	1	Step 1	Cut ribs to fit into a 5.5L (22 cup) slow cooker. Place ribs, Massel Liquid Stock Beef Style, bay leaves and smashed garlic in cooker. Cover and cook on high for 3 hours 40 minutes.
984	2	Step 2	Using tongs, transfer ribs to a shallow dish and cover to keep warm. Combine 1/2 cup cooking liquid with marmalade, mustard, crushed garlic and oil in a jug. Pour over ribs and gently toss to coat. Season.
984	3	Step 3	Preheat a barbecue or chargrill on medium-high. Cook ribs, turning occasionally and brushing with glaze, for 5-10 minutes or until lightly charred and sticky.
984	4	Step 4	Serve ribs with jacket potatoes, sour cream and rocket, if desired.
985	1	Step 1	Using a clean coffee grinder or spice mill, grind the shiitake mushrooms to a powder. (If you don’t have a spice mill, choose sliced rather than whole dried shiitake mushrooms, and don’t grind them to a powder.) Transfer the powder to a slow cooker. Add the sliced mushrooms, shallots, garlic and thyme and toss to combine.
985	2	Step 2	Season the beef generously with salt and pepper. Lightly coat the beef in the flour, shaking off any excess. Heat a large heavy frying pan over high heat. Add the oil, then add 1 piece of beef and cook, turning once, for 6 mins or until well-browned on both sides. Remove the beef from the pan and set on top of the mushroom mixture in the slow cooker. Repeat with the second piece of beef and discard the oil.
985	3	Step 3	Add wine to pan and cook, stirring to scrape up any browned bits on bottom of pan, for 2 mins or until reduced by half. Pour reduced wine into the slow cooker and cover. Turn slow cooker on low and cook for 8 hours or until the meat is tender. Leave the beef to rest in the slow cooker for 20 mins. Discard the thyme stems.
985	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, in a large pot, combine potatoes and parsnips, cover with cold water and season with salt. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, reduce heat to a simmer and cook for 15-20 mins or until potatoes and parsnips are cooked through. Drain in a colander. Place the colander with vegetables over the pot. Place pot over medium heat for about 2 mins to dry the vegetables. Using a potato ricer or wire sieve, pass the vegetables into a heatproof bowl. Stir in the butter and then fold in enough cream (about 3/4 cup) to reach the desired consistency. Season the mash with salt. Keep warm until ready to serve.
985	5	Step 5	Transfer the beef to a cutting board. Carve thin slices of beef. Return sliced beef to the accumulated juices in the slow cooker for 1 min. Serve beef slices with the mash, cooked mushrooms and more beef juices. Top with parsley.
986	1	Step 1	Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a large frying pan over high heat. Cook half of beef, for 3 minutes or until browned. Transfer to a 5.5L (22 cup) slow-cooker. Repeat with 2 teaspoons oil and remaining beef.
986	2	Step 2	Heat remaining oil in same pan over medium-high heat. Cook onion, carrot, celery, mushrooms, bay leaf and thyme, for 6 minutes or until browned. Add garlic and stir for 30 seconds or until fragrant. Transfer to cooker.
986	3	Step 3	Combine Massel Liquid Stock Beef Style, tomato paste and wine in a jug. Pour into cooker and stir to combine. Cover and cook on high for 4 hours or until beef is tender. Season.
986	4	Step 4	Serve with pasta and cheese.
987	1	Step 1	Season beef. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large frying pan over high heat. Cook beef in 2 batches, for 3 minutes each or until browned. Transfer to a 3L (12 cup) slow cooker.
987	2	Step 2	Heat remaining oil in same pan over medium-high heat. Cook onion and mushrooms, stirring, for 5 minutes. Add garlic and flour and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Transfer to cooker with paprika. Combine Massel Liquid Stock Beef Style, tomato paste and Worcestershire sauce in a jug until smooth. Pour over beef. Stir to combine. Cover and cook on high for 4 1/2 hours or until beef is tender. Stir in sour cream and season.
987	3	Step 3	Serve with mashed potatoes or rice. Sprinkle with chives.
988	1	Step 1	Place flour in a shallow plate and season with salt and pepper. Add chicken and toss to coat. Shake off excess. Reserve flour.
988	2	Step 2	Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook chicken in 2 batches, for 4 minutes each or until well browned. Set aside on a plate.
988	3	Step 3	Discard oil and wipe pan clean. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in same pan over medium-high heat. Cook onion and mushrooms, stirring for 5 minutes or until browned. Sprinkle over reserved seasoned flour. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add Massel Liquid Stock Chicken Style, rind and tarragon and stir to combine. Transfer to a 5.5L (22 cup) slow cooker. Arrange chicken on top. Cover and cook on low for 4 hours. Stir in lemon juice and season.
988	4	Step 4	If you prefer a thicker sauce. Set chicken aside. Strain sauce into a large frying pan. Bring to the boil over high heat. Boil for 3 minutes or until sauce thickens.
988	5	Step 5	Serve with mashed potatoes, baby carrots and steamed broccolini.
989	1	Step 1	Place macaroni, cheddar and flour in a 3L (12 cup) slow-cooker. Using hands, mix until well combined.
989	2	Step 2	Bring stock to the boil in a small saucepan over high heat. Pour over pasta. Add butter and stir to mix well. Cover and cook on high for 1 1/4 hours, stirring after 45 minutes to break up any clumps of pasta.
989	3	Step 3	Stir in peas. Stand for 1-2 minutes. Season with pepper. Serve with rocket.
990	1	Step 1	Remove and discard excess fat from reserved rind. Score rind at 2.5cm intervals. Place rind, top-side up, on a wire rack set over a baking tray. Refrigerate until needed (see Notes). Tie up pork with kitchen string at 5cm intervals.
990	2	Step 2	Heat 1/2 the oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add pork. Cook, turning, for 5 minutes or until browned. Transfer to the bowl of a 5.5-litre slow cooker.
990	3	Step 3	Reduce heat to medium. Heat 1/2 the remaining oil in pan. Add eschalot. Cook for 4 minutes or until softened. Add sage and garlic. Cook for 1 minute or until fragrant. Transfer to slow cooker. Add thyme sprigs and bay leaves. Combine cider, stock and maple syrup. Add to slow cooker. Cover with lid. Cook on low for 6 to 8 hours (or on high for 4 hours), adding apple halfway through cooking time.
990	4	Step 4	Preheat oven to 220C/200C fan-forced. Rub rind with remaining oil. Sprinkle with salt. Roast for 40 to 50 minutes until golden and crisp. Cool. Cut into pieces. Set aside.
990	5	Step 5	Transfer pork to a plate. Cover to keep warm. Transfer apple and 1/4 cup cooking liquid to a food processor. Add sugar and vinegar. Process until roughly chopped.
990	6	Step 6	Remove and discard string from pork. Slice. Serve with crackling and apple sauce, and sprinkle with sage.
991	1	Step 1	Slash beef with a sharp knife without cutting all the way through (to help flavours penetrate). Place in a 3L (12 cup) slow cooker with Massel Liquid Stock Beef Style, onion, garlic, seeds and bay leaf. Season. Cover and cook on low for 8 hours or until meat is very tender and flakes with a fork.
991	2	Step 2	Place beef on a board and shred with 2 forks. Add as much cooking liquid as you like to moisten the meat.
991	3	Step 3	To serve, fill bread rolls with salad leaves, mustard, beef, gherkins, tomato and cheese.
992	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add the onion, carrot and celery and cook, stirring, for 5 mins or until onion softens. Add the garlic and pancetta and cook for 2 mins or until fragrant. Transfer onion mixture to a slow cooker.
992	2	Step 2	Increase heat to high. Add the beef and cook for 3 mins each side or until brown all over. Remove from heat and place the beef over the onion mixture. Pour over the tomato and wine or stock. Add bay leaf, tomato paste and oregano to the slow cooker. Cover and cook for 3-4 hours on high (or 6-7 hours on low).
992	3	Step 3	Transfer the beef to a heatproof bowl. Use 2 forks to coarsely shred the beef. Return to the sauce. Taste and season.
992	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, cook the pasta in a saucepan of boiling water following packet directions or until al dente. Drain well.
992	5	Step 5	Divide the pasta among serving bowls. Top with the ragu and sprinkle with parmesan and basil leaves.
993	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a large frying pan over high heat. Add the lamb and cook for 4 mins each side or until browned all over.
993	2	Step 2	Transfer the lamb to a 5.5L slow cooker. Sprinkle with cracked black pepper. Season. Place rosemary, garlic and stock around lamb in slow cooker. Season. Cover and cook on high for 4 hours. Reduce heat to low. Add potato and carrots. Cook for a further 2 hours or until the lamb and vegetables are tender.
993	3	Step 3	Serve lamb with vegetables and steamed greens.
994	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C or 160C fan.
994	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a large flameproof baking dish over medium-high heat. Season the pork and cook for 5-7 mins or until well browned all over. Transfer to a plate. Cook bacon, stirring, for 2 mins or until starting to brown. Add the onion and cook, stirring, for 5 mins or until softened. Stir in garlic and cook for 1 min or until fragrant. Add the crushed tomato, wine, stock and reserved tomato juices. Bring to the boil.
994	3	Step 3	Sprinkle the pork with fennel and paprika and add to the baking dish. Cover tightly with foil and roast for 2 hrs, basting once, or until pork is tender. Reserve half of the pork and sauce (see Note). Cover the remaining pork loosely with foil.
994	4	Step 4	Add beans to remaining sauce and bring to the boil. Simmer over medium-high heat for 3-5 mins or until sauce thickens slightly. Add baby roma tomatoes and simmer for 1 min or until heated through. Stir in the parsley. Carve pork and serve with beans and rolls.
995	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180C or 160C fan.
995	2	Step 2	Heat half the oil in a large deep frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook half the mushroom, stirring, for 4 mins or until golden. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with remaining oil and mushroom. Return the mushroom to the pan with pork and sauce, tomato paste and 1/3 cup water. Stir until combined and bring to the boil. Season.
995	3	Step 3	Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and cook, stirring, for 1-2 mins. Slowly whisk in the milk until smooth. Increase heat to medium-high. Cook, stirring, for 3-5 mins or until mixture boils and thickens. Stir in half the cheese and season.
995	4	Step 4	Spoon 1/2 cup of the meat sauce into a 23cm square (12-cup) ovenproof baking dish. Cover with lasagne sheets, cutting to fit. Spoon over one-quarter of the remaining meat sauce, drizzle over 1/2 cup of the white sauce and cover with lasagne sheets. Repeat 3 times. Cover with the remaining white sauce and sprinkle over remaining cheese. Bake for 45 mins or until tender and golden. Stand for 10 mins before serving with baby rocket.
996	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 180°C. Place the lamb in a large roasting pan. Drizzle with oil and sprinkle with salt and paprika. Use a small, sharp knife to cut small slits, about 2cm deep, over the surface of the lamb. Place a slice of garlic, rosemary and oregano in each slit.
996	2	Step 2	Drizzle chicken stock and wine around the lamb and cover with foil. Cook in preheated oven for 1 hour. Remove from oven and spoon pan juices over the lamb. Arrange the onion, potato, lemon and olives around the lamb. Reduce heat to 150°C. Cover and roast for a further 1 hour. Remove the foil and roast for a further 30 minutes or until lamb is golden brown and very tender. Remove from oven and cover with foil. Set aside for 15 minutes to rest.
996	3	Step 3	Thickly slice the lamb and arrange on serving plates with onion, potato, lemon and olives. Drizzle with pan juices to serve.
997	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 150°C. Heat the oil in a large casserole pan over high heat. Add half the lamb shanks and cook, turning, for 5 minutes or until brown all over. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with remaining lamb shanks.
997	2	Step 2	Add the onion, carrot, celery and garlic to the pan and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until onion softens. Add the wine and bring to a simmer. Add the lamb, Heinz big red tomato soup, chicken stock, rosemary and thyme and bring to a simmer. Remove from heat.
997	3	Step 3	Bake, covered, in preheated oven for 2 hours or until meat is tender and falling off the bone. Remove from heat. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
997	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, to make the parmesan polenta, bring the stock to the boil over high heat. While constantly whisking, add the polenta in a thin, steady stream until all incorporated. Cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, for 5 minutes or until polenta boils and thickens. Remove from heat. Add the parmesan and cream and stir to combine. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
997	5	Step 5	Spoon the polenta evenly among serving bowls. Top with lamb shanks and serve immediately.
998	1	Step 1	Combine the yoghurt, lemon rind and 1/2 teaspoon of the paprika in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon into a piece of muslin or a clean Chux wipe. Tie edges to enclose. Place in a sieve over a bowl in the fridge overnight to drain.
998	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 150C. Place the onion in a roasting pan. Combine the cumin, coriander and remaining paprika in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Place the lamb on the onion. Sprinkle with cumin mixture. Pour stock around the lamb. Cover with 2 layers of foil. Cook, basting in stock occasionally, for 3-3 1/2 hours or until lamb is tender and falling off the bone. Set aside for 20 mins to rest.
998	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, increase oven to 180C. Brush both sides of the pita with 1 teaspoon of the oil. Sprinkle with the dukkah. Place on a baking tray and bake for 5 mins or until lightly golden and crisp.
998	4	Step 4	Heat a barbecue or chargrill pan on medium. Brush eggplant and zucchini with remaining oil. Cook for 1-2 mins each side or until lightly charred and tender.
998	5	Step 5	Arrange the eggplant, zucchini, mint, parsley and coarsely broken pita on a serving platter. Place lamb on top. Serve with dollops of yoghurt mixture.
999	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 150C. Heat the oil in a flameproof casserole pan over high heat. Add the veal and cook for 3 minutes each side or until brown. Transfer to a plate. Add the onion, carrot, celery and garlic to the pan; cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until onion softens. Return the veal to the pan with the wine, stock tomatoes, tomato paste, mushrooms, rosemary and oregano. Bring to a simmer. Remove from heat.
999	2	Step 2	Cook in preheated oven, covered, turning occasionally, for 2 hours or until veal is falling off the bone. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside to cool.
999	3	Step 3	Remove the meat from the bones and coarsely shred. Return to the tomato mixture.
999	4	Step 4	Melt the butter in a large saucepan over high heat until foaming. Add the flour; cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until slightly grainy. Add the milk and nutmeg and stir with a balloon whisk until smooth. Cook, stirring constantly, for 5 minutes or until sauce boils and thickens. Remove from heat. Add 1 cup of the cheese and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper.
999	5	Step 5	Increase oven to 180C. Grease a 10 cup (2.5 litre) capacity ovenproof dish. Spread one-third of the osso bucco mixture over the base. Top with 3 lasagne sheets. Top with one third of the cheese sauce, then half the remaining osso bucco. Top with half the remaining lasagna sheets. Continue layering with remaining osso bucco, lasagne sheets and cheese sauce. Sprinkle with remaining cheese.
999	6	Step 6	Bake in preheated oven for 40 minutes or until lasagne sheets are tender and golden brown. Remove from oven, set aside for 10 minutes to rest before serving. Serve with rocket and radicchio salad.
1000	1	Step 1	Place onion, garlic, chilli, allspice, cinnamon, oregano, sugar and lemon juice in a food processor. Process until almost smooth. Transfer to a bowl. Stir in pepper and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Remove pork from netting and unroll. Place on a board. Pat dry with paper towel. Place pork, rind-side down, on board. Spoon spice mixture onto pork. Rub to coat. Re-roll pork. Tie with kitchen string at 3cm intervals to secure. Place pork in a glass or ceramic dish. Refrigerate overnight.
1000	2	Step 2	Preheat oven to 160°C/140°C fan-forced. Place pork on a wire rack in a large roasting pan. Drizzle with oil and remaining salt. Rub to coat. Cover with foil. Roast for 3 hours 20 minutes. Increase heat to 220°C/200°C fan-forced. Remove foil. Roast for a further 15 to 20 minutes or until crackling is golden and crisp. Cover loosely with foil. Rest for 20 minutes.
1000	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, make Pineapple salad: Place pineapple, cucumber, chilli, coriander, lemon juice and oil in a bowl. Toss to combine. Place lettuce in a bowl. Top with pineapple mixture.
1000	4	Step 4	Slice the pork and drizzle with pan juices. Serve with rice and salad.
1001	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 200C or 180C fan-forced.
1001	2	Step 2	Season drumsticks. Heat 2 tablespoons oil and butter in a large frying pan over medium heat. Cook chicken, turning, for 10 minutes or until browned.
1001	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, place fennel, potatoes and onion on a large oven tray. Drizzle with remaining oil. Season and toss to coat. Squeeze lemon wedges and add to tray. Nestle chicken amongst vegetables.
1001	4	Step 4	Add Massel Liquid Stock Chicken Style to frying pan and scrape base to dislodge any brown bits. Pour over vegetables. Bake for 1 hour, basting chicken and vegetables halfway through.
1001	5	Step 5	Increase oven to 220C or 200C fan forced. Add tomatoes and bake for 10 minutes. Sprinkle with chopped parsley to serve.
1002	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 120°C. Arrange chicken pieces in a single layer in a large, ovenproof dish. Top with onions, lemon wedges, capers and garlic.
1002	2	Step 2	Whisk wine, stock and oil together in a jug. Pour over chicken pieces. Sprinkle with sea salt and ground black pepper. Spread lemon thyme evenly over chicken. Cover tightly with foil.
1002	3	Step 3	Bake for 2 hours or until chicken is cooked through.
1002	4	Step 4	Increase oven temperature to 200°C. Bake, uncovered, a further 30 minutes or until chicken is golden. Serve.
1003	1	Step 1	Preheat the oven to 100°C.
1003	2	Step 2	Line a 22cm ovenproof frypan with baking paper. Whisk the eggs in a large bowl, then add the oil in a slow, steady stream, whisking, to emulsify. Whisk in the cream, parmesan, nutmeg and garlic. Pour mixture into the frypan and bake for 21/2 hours or until just set.
1003	3	Step 3	Cool in the pan for 15 minutes, then invert onto a board and cut into wedges. Season and serve frittata with prosciutto, torn mozzarella, cherry tomatoes, sundried tomatoes, olives and grilled sourdough.
1004	1	Step 1	Heat 1/4 cup (60ml) oil in a flameproof casserole over medium-high heat.
1004	2	Step 2	Cook the beef, in batches, until browned, then set aside. Add the onion, garlic and thinly sliced ginger to the casserole and fry for 2-3 minutes until lightly coloured. Add the chu hou sauce and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Return the beef to the casserole with the stock, star anise, sugar and enough water to cover. Bring to the boil, reduce heat to low, cover and cook for 2 hours or until beef is tender.
1004	3	Step 3	Combine tomato, chopped ginger, coriander and lime juice with remaining 1/4 cup (60ml) oil, then season.
1004	4	Step 4	Garnish the beef with the chilli and serve with the tomato salad.
1005	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 150°C. Heat half the oil in a large heavy-based saucepan over medium heat. Add a quarter of the chicken and cook, turning, for 5 minutes or until brown. Transfer to a heatproof bowl. Repeat with the remaining chicken, reheating the pan between batches.
1005	2	Step 2	Add the speck to the pan and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until brown. Transfer to the bowl with the chicken. Add remaining oil to the pan. Add onion and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until soft. Add garlic and anchovy and cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Return chicken and speck to the pan with the wine, stock, capers, oregano and rosemary and bring to the boil. Remove from heat and add tomato.
1005	3	Step 3	Transfer to an ovenproof dish. Bake in oven, loosely covered, for 1 1/2 hours or until chicken is tender and the sauce thickens. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Serve with parmesan polenta (see related recipe).
1006	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Rub freshly ground black pepper over brisket. Cook, turning, for 5 to 6 minutes or until browned. Transfer to a roasting pan.
1006	2	Step 2	Add remaining oil, onion, garlic, ginger and chilli to pan. Cook, stirring, over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes or until soft. Add curry paste. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add stock and bring to the boil. Pour over brisket. Cover with foil. Roast for 1 1/2 hours.
1006	3	Step 3	Remove foil. Add potatoes and half the lemon. Turn brisket. Cover and bake for 2 1/2 hours or until tender. Remove brisket and potatoes. Cover to keep warm.
1006	4	Step 4	Place roasting pan on stovetop over high heat. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium. Simmer until sauce reduces by half.
1006	5	Step 5	Combine parsley, red onion and remaining lemon. Slice brisket. Spoon over sauce. Serve with parsley mixture and potatoes.
1007	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Stir in the capsicum, onion, garlic and chilli until combined. Reduce heat to low and cook, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes or until the onion is soft but not browned.
1007	2	Step 2	Increase the heat to high. Add the wine. Cook for 2 minutes or until the wine reduces slightly. Add the tomato, bay leaves and basil sprig. Bring to a simmer. Add the squid. Reduce heat to low. Cover and simmer for 11/2 hours. Uncover and simmer for a further 1 hour or until the squid is tender. Discard the bay leaves and basil sprig. Set aside to cool. Cover and place in the fridge overnight to develop the flavours.
1007	3	Step 3	Bring the squid mixture to room temperature. (Alternatively, to serve warm, reheat the squid mixture in a saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, for 15-20 minutes or until warmed through.) Stir in the basil leaves. Spoon the squid mixture over chargrilled bread. Drizzle over a little extra oil.
1008	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 150C/130C fan-forced.
1008	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a large, heavy-based, flame-proof casserole dish over medium-high heat. Add pork. Cook for 8 minutes each side or until browned. Remove from heat.
1008	3	Step 3	Add eschalots, fennel and garlic. Pour over cider and stock. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and bake for 2 1/2 hours. Remove from oven, add apple and continue to bake for 1/2 hour or until apple is tender. Stand for 10 minutes.
1008	4	Step 4	Slice pork. Sprinkle with thyme. Serve with steamed or mashed potato.
1009	1	Step 1	Using a small sharp knife, cut small slits into lamb. Place lamb in a large glass or ceramic dish. Combine rosemary, garlic, vinegar, eschalot and oil in a jug. Pour over lamb to coat. Cover. Refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight, if time permits.
1009	2	Step 2	Preheat barbecue on high with hood closed (see note). Place lamb in a large, disposable foil baking tray. Stand at room temperature for 15 minutes. Season. Reduce temperature to medium-low.
1009	3	Step 3	Cook lamb, using indirect heat (see note), for 2 hours 30 minutes to 3 hours or until tender and starting to come away from the bone. Cover with foil. Set aside for 15 minutes to rest.
1009	4	Step 4	Slice lamb and serve with salad.
1010	1	Step 1	Heat half the oil in a saucepan over high heat. Add beef. Cook, stirring, for 2-3 minutes or until well browned. Place in slow cooker.
1010	2	Step 2	Heat the remaining oil in the saucepan over medium heat. Add the carrot, celery and onion. Cook, stirring, for 5-6 minutes or until soft. Add the garlic and thyme. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Return the beef to the pan. Add stock, water and tomatoes. Bring to the boil. Add to slow cooker. Cover and cook on low for 6 hours. Add the barley and Tuscan cabbage and cook for 2 hours or until barley is cooked and cabbage is wilted.
1010	3	Step 3	Season to taste with freshly ground pepper. Sprinkle with the parsley.
1011	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 150C (130C fan-forced). Toss beef in flour to coat, shake off excess. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large heavy-based flameproof casserole dish over medium-high heat. Add half the beef. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes each side or until browned. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with half of the remaining oil and the remaining beef. Transfer to a plate.
1011	2	Step 2	Heat remaining oil in dish. Add the onion, carrot and celery. Cook, stirring, for about 5 minutes or until onion has softened. Add garlic. Cook, stirring, for about 1 minute or until fragrant. Add wine. Simmer for 2 minutes or until reduced by half. Add stock, beef and tomato. Cover. Bring to the boil.
1011	3	Step 3	Bake for 2 hours. Add the thickly sliced zucchini. Bake for about another hour or until beef is tender. Stir in thyme. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
1011	4	Step 4	Serve with mashed potato.
1012	1	Step 1	Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a 5L (20-cup) capacity flameproof casserole dish over medium-high heat. Cook one-third of the beef, turning, for 4-5 minutes or until brown. Transfer to a plate. Repeat, in 2 more batches, with remaining beef, reheating dish between batches.
1012	2	Step 2	Heat the remaining oil in the dish. Cook the onion, stirring, for 4-5 minutes or until soft. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for 30 seconds or until aromatic.
1012	3	Step 3	Add the beef, tomato, stock, bay leaves, tomato paste and cinnamon stick. Cover and bring to the boil. Reduce the heat to low. Simmer for 1 hour. Add the sweet potato. Simmer, covered, for 30 minutes or until the sweet potato and beef are tender. Season with salt and pepper.
1012	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, place flour in a bowl. Use your fingertips to rub the butter into the flour until it resembles fine breadcrumbs. Stir in the chives, chopped parsley and 40g (1/2 cup) cheddar. Pour in milk and egg. Use a round-bladed knife in a cutting motion to mix until evenly incorporated and the mixture starts to hold together. Turn the dough out onto a well-floured surface and use your hands to press until about 2cm thick. Use a 5cm round pastry cutter to cut 12 discs from the dough.
1012	5	Step 5	Preheat oven to 200°C. Arrange the dumplings around the edge of beef mixture. Sprinkle dumplings with remaining cheddar. Bake, uncovered, for 25-30 minutes or until the dumplings are golden. Set aside for 10 minutes or until the liquid has absorbed slightly. Top with parsley leaves.
1013	1	Step 1	Spray beef all over with a little oil. Heat a large frying pan over medium- high heat. Add beef. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes each side or until well browned. Transfer to bowl of a 5.5 litre-capacity slow cooker (You may need to cut the beef in half lengthways to fit).
1013	2	Step 2	Add rosemary. Combine remaining ingredients in a jug. Pour over beef (the liquid should just cover beef). Cover with lid. Cook on low for 6 to 7 hours or on high for 4 to 5 hours or until beef is very tender (see note).
1013	3	Step 3	Remove beef from slow cooker and transfer to a board. Remove and discard rosemary. Using 2 forks, roughly shred beef. Divide sweet potato mash between plates. Top with beef and sauce. Serve with peas.
1014	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160C or 140C fan-forced.
1014	2	Step 2	Heat oil in a large heavy based saucepan over medium-high heat. Season beef and cook in 2-3 batches for 4 minutes or until browned all over. Set aside. Cook bacon in same pan, stirring, for 3-5 minutes or until browned. Set aside with beef. Reduce heat to medium. Add onion, carrot, garlic, anchovy and bay leaves. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until onion softens. Add wine and paste and scrape brown bits from base of pan. Return beef and bacon to pan with any juices. Bring to the boil.  Cover and cook in oven for 11/2 hours. Turn beef and cook for another 1 hour or until beef is very tender.
1014	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, melt butter in a large frying pan over high heat. Cook mushroom, stirring, for 5 minutes or until browned. Add mushroom and consome to beef and bring to the boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, for 30 minutes or until sauce thickens slightly. Remove from heat. Using 2 forks, coarsely shred beef.
1015	1	Step 1	Place flour in a large sealable plastic bag. Season with salt and pepper. Shake to combine. Add beef. Shake to coat.
1015	2	Step 2	Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Cook one-third of the beef, turning occasionally, for 3-4 minutes or until browned. Transfer to a plate. Repeat, in 2 more batches, with the remaining oil and beef, reheating the pan between batches.
1015	3	Step 3	Return beef to pan. Add garlic, thyme, cinnamon and bay leaves, and toss to combine. Add stock and beer. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Cover and simmer for 1 hour.
1015	4	Step 4	Add the tomato, spring onion, carrots and swede. Uncover and cook for 35-40 minutes or until tender.
1016	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Season the beef with salt and pepper. Heat the oil and butter in a flameproof casserole dish over medium-high heat. Add beef and cook, turning, for 6-7 minutes or until brown. Transfer to a plate.
1016	2	Step 2	Increase heat to high and add wine. Boil, scraping the pan with a wooden spoon to dislodge any bits that have cooked onto base, for 2 minutes or until wine has reduced slightly. Add the stock and bring to the boil. Add beef, onions, carrot, celery and rosemary and combine.
1016	3	Step 3	Roast, covered, in oven for 1 1/2 hours or until beef is tender. Add the mushrooms and cook, covered, for 1 hour or until the meat is starting to fall apart. Transfer the beef to a plate. Cover with foil and set aside to rest. Place the casserole dish over high heat and boil for 15-20 minutes or until mixture has reduced by half.
1016	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, to make the mash, bring a saucepan of water to the boil over high heat. Add potatoes and garlic and cook, covered, for 30 minutes or until potato is tender. Drain. Set aside for 10 minutes to cool. Peel potatoes and garlic and return to pan with the butter. Use a potato masher or fork to mash until smooth. Add the milk and parmesan and stir until smooth.
1016	5	Step 5	Thickly slice the beef across the grain. Divide the mash among serving plates and top with beef and vegetables. Drizzle over sauce and serve.
1017	1	Step 1	Place beef on a board. Tie up with kitchen string at 3cm intervals to secure.
1017	2	Step 2	Heat 1/2 the oil in a large heavy-based, flameproof casserole dish over medium-high heat. Cook beef, turning, for 10 minutes or until browned all over. Transfer to a plate.
1017	3	Step 3	Reduce heat to medium. Heat butter and remaining oil in dish. Add leek. Cook, stirring, for 6 to 8 minutes or until leek has softened. Add garlic and thyme. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until fragrant. Add flour. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Gradually stir in stock, wine and vinegar. Bring to the boil. Return beef to dish. Cover. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 3 hours, turning beef halfway through cooking.
1017	4	Step 4	Add potatoes. Simmer, uncovered, for 30 minutes. Add carrot. Simmer, uncovered, for a further 30 minutes or until vegetables and meat are tender.
1017	5	Step 5	Meanwhile, make Thyme Gremolata; Combine parsley, thyme and lemon zest in a small bowl.
1017	6	Step 6	Transfer beef to a board. Discard string. Shred beef into large pieces. Discard thyme sprigs from sauce. Return beef to dish. Serve beef with vegetable mixture and sprinkle with gremolata.
1018	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 150C. Process the shallot, garlic, ginger, lemongrass, chilli and coriander in a food processor until finely chopped. Add 1 tablespoon water and process until a paste forms. Season with salt.
1018	2	Step 2	Heat 2 teaspoons of the oil in a heavy-based ovenproof pan over medium heat. Season the beef and cook, turning, for 5-7 mins or until browned all over. Transfer to a plate.
1018	3	Step 3	Heat remaining oil in the pan over medium heat. Cook the shallot and chilli paste for 2-3 mins or until aromatic. Stir in the coconut milk, tamarind, sugar, cinnamon, star anise and coconut. Bring to the boil. Return the beef to the pan. Cover and cook, turning the beef twice during cooking, for 3 hours or until beef is tender and shreds easily with a fork.
1018	4	Step 4	Remove the beef from the pan. Use two forks to shred the meat. Return the meat to the pan and stir to combine. Serve the beef rendang with extra chilli, extra coconut and coriander leaves. Serve with rice.
1019	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 140°C. Place flour in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Add beef ribs and toss to coat. Shake to remove excess flour mixture. Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a flameproof casserole dish over high heat. Cook half the beef ribs for 2 minutes each side or until browned. transfer to a plate. Repeat with 1 tablespoon of remaining oil and the remaining beef ribs.
1019	2	Step 2	Heat remaining oil in the dish over medium heat. cook the onion, stirring occasionally, for 3-4 minutes or until soft. Add the garlic, chilli, ginger, paprika and cinnamon. cook, stirring, for 1-2 minutes or until aromatic.
1019	3	Step 3	Stir in the stock and tomato. Return beef ribs to the dish and bring to the boil. Cover and bake for 3 hours. Stir in the sweet potato and honey. Bake for a further 1 hour or until the sweet potato is tender and the beef is falling off the bone. Top with parsley.
1020	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160C/140C fan forced. Heat the oil in a large shallow ovenproof casserole dish over medium heat. Cook the ribs, turning, for 8-10 minutes or until browned. Transfer to a plate.
1020	2	Step 2	Add the onion, carrot and celery to the dish. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until softened. Add the cumin, allspice, cinnamon and cayenne to taste. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Stir in the garlic, 1⁄4 cup jalapeños and the pickling liquid. Add the canned tomato, stock and beans. Bring to the boil. Season. Add the ribs. Bake, covered, for 3 hours or until meat is falling from the bone. Bake, uncovered, for a further 30 minutes or until thickened slightly. Set aside to cool. Shred meat and discard bones. Return meat to dish.
1020	3	Step 3	For the salsa, combine the baby tomato, coriander and remaining jalapeño in a small bowl. Season.
1020	4	Step 4	Serve the beef with steamed rice, tortillas, lime wedges and salsa.
1021	1	Step 1	Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a stockpot over medium-high heat. Add half the beef and cook for 2-3 minutes each side or until browned. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with the remaining beef, reheating the pan between batches.
1021	2	Step 2	Heat remaining oil in the pan over medium heat. Add mushroom, bacon, onion and garlic. Cook, stirring, for 4-5 minutes or until onion is soft. Add the beef, tomato, stock, wine and rosemary. Stir to combine. Cover and reduce heat to low. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 1 1/2 hours or until the beef is tender. Stir in the tomato paste. Season with salt and pepper. Increase heat to medium-high. Cook, uncovered, for 30 minutes.
1021	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, to make the parmesan & herb dumplings, place flour in a large bowl and use your fingertips to rub butter into flour. Stir in the parsley and 40g (1/2 cup) of the parmesan. Add the milk. Use a round-bladed knife in a cutting motion to mix until evenly incorporated and the mixture begins to hold together. Divide the mixture evenly into 18 portions and roll each portion into a ball.
1021	4	Step 4	Preheat oven to 220°C. Transfer the beef mixture to a 4L (16-cup) capacity ovenproof dish. Place dumplings on top. Brush with egg. Sprinkle with remaining parmesan. Bake for 15-20 minutes or until dumplings are golden.
1022	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Heat 2 teaspoons of the oil in a large flame-proof ovenproof dish over medium-high heat. Add one-third of the beef and cook, stirring occasionally, for 2 minutes or until brown all over. Transfer to a plate and set aside. Repeat in 2 more batches with the remaining beef, reheating the pan between batches.
1022	2	Step 2	Heat remaining oil in the same pan over medium-low heat. Add the paprika, coriander, cumin, turmeric, cayenne pepper, cinnamon, fennel, allspice, cardamom and 1/2 teaspoon of black pepper and cook, stirring, for 30 seconds or until fragrant. Add the onion, garlic and water, and bring to a simmer. Cook, covered, for 5 minutes or until onion softens.
1022	3	Step 3	Add the beef and any juices along with the stock and bring to the boil over medium-high heat. Cover with a piece of non-stick baking paper and a tight-fitting lid, and cook in preheated oven for 1 hour. Add the sweet potato and parsnip and cook, covered, for a further 45 minutes or until beef and vegetables are tender. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
1022	4	Step 4	Meanwhile, to make the lemon couscous, combine the water and oil in a saucepan and bring to the boil over high heat. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat. Use a fork to stir in the couscous and lemon rind. Cover and set aside for 5 minutes or until all the liquid is absorbed. Use a fork to separate the grains. Add the lemon juice and gently stir until combined. Cover and set aside until required.
1022	5	Step 5	Spoon the lemon couscous among serving bowls and top with the beef mixture. Serve immediately.
1023	1	Step 1	Heat a large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat and spray with oil spray. Rub the beef with a little olive oil and sprinkle with salt and cracked black pepper. Cook the beef, turning occasionally, until browned on all sides. Transfer to a plate.
1023	2	Step 2	Place the onion in the bowl of the slow cooker. Add the beef, garlic, stock, tomato and wine. Cover and cook according to slow cooker manufacturer's instructions.
1023	3	Step 3	Twenty minutes before serving, add mushrooms to slow cooker, cover and continue to cook. Transfer beef to a plate, cover and rest for 10 minutes then slice across the grain. Divide beef among serving plates. Drizzle with cooking juices, sprinkle with basil and serve with mushrooms and tomatoes and creamy polenta.
1024	1	Step 1	Heat half the oil a stockpot over medium-high heat. Add the beef and cook, turning occasionally, for 8-10 minutes or until browned. Transfer to a plate.
1024	2	Step 2	Heat the remaining oil in the pan over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes or until soft.
1024	3	Step 3	Add the beef, red wine, stock, peppercorns, thyme and bay leaves to the pan. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Cover and simmer for 1 1/2 hours or until the beef is tender.
1024	4	Step 4	Transfer beef to a plate. Cover to keep warm. Increase heat to high. Boil for 15 minutes or until the sauce reduces by half.
1024	5	Step 5	Thickly slice the beef across the grain. Divide mash among serving plates. Top with beef and sauce. Serve with beans.
1025	1	Step 1	Preheat oven to 160°C. Heat a large flameproof casserole dish over medium-high heat. Spray with olive oil spray to lightly grease. Add half the beef and cook for 3-4 minutes or until browned. Transfer to a heatproof bowl. Repeat with the remaining beef, reheating the dish between batches.
1025	2	Step 2	Spray the dish with olive oil spray to lightly grease. Add the shallots and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until golden. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Return the beef to the dish and stir in the tomato paste. Stir in the stock and water and bring to the boil. Bake in oven, covered, for 1 1/2 hours or until the beef is tender.
1025	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, place the sweet potato in a saucepan of cold water over high heat. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium and cook for 15 minutes or until tender. Drain. Return to the pan. Use a potato masher to mash until smooth. Season with pepper.
1025	4	Step 4	Combine the cornflour and extra water in a small bowl until smooth. Stir the cornflour mixture and the horseradish cream into the beef mixture. Bake in oven for a further 5 minutes or until the sauce thickens slightly.
1025	5	Step 5	Divide the sweet potato mash among serving plates. Top with the beef mixture and sprinkle with chives. Serve with steamed green beans.
1026	1	Step 1	Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add one-third of the beef and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until brown all over. Transfer to a heatproof bowl. Repeat, in 2 more batches, with the remaining beef, reheating pan between batches.
1026	2	Step 2	Add the onion and garlic to the pan and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until onion softens. Add the beef, tomato, water, tomato paste and sugar. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, for 1 1/2 hours or until beef is tender. Cook, uncovered, for 15-20 minutes or until sauce thickens slightly. Remove from heat. Add the parsley and basil, and stir to combine. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
1026	3	Step 3	Meanwhile, cook the tortellini in a large saucepan of salted boiling water following packet directions. Drain well.
1026	4	Step 4	Add the tortellini to the beef mixture and stir to combine. Sprinkle with parmesan and serve immediately.
1027	1	Step 1	Bring the wine to the boil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium. Simmer for 5 minutes. Set aside until required.
1027	2	Step 2	Heat 1 1/2 tbs of the oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Cook the speck, stirring occasionally, for 4 minutes or until golden. Use a slotted spoon to transfer to a slow cooker. Add the shallots and carrot to the frying pan. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes or until golden. Stir in the garlic for  1 minute or until aromatic. Use a slotted spoon to transfer to a bowl, reserving fat in dish.
1027	3	Step 3	Season beef. Return frying pan to medium-high heat. Cook the beef, in 3 batches, turning, for 4 minutes or until browned. Transfer to a bowl. Return all the beef to the frying pan and sprinkle with flour. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until coated. Add the wine and stock. Cook, stirring, for 4 minutes or until mixture comes to a simmer. Place in the slow cooker.
1027	4	Step 4	For the bouquet garni, tie the celery, thyme, parsley and bay leaves together with kitchen string. Add bouquet garni to the slow cooker. Cover and cook on low for 6 hours.
1027	5	Step 5	Heat butter and remaining oil in a large frying pan over high heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until browned. Add the mushrooms and Dutch carrots to the slow cooker along with reserved vegetable mixture. Cover and cook on low for a further 2 hours or until meat is tender. Serve with creamy mashed potato.
